1	" Victor doesn 't have much , but that 's not stopping him from trying to go out with Judy , the prettiest girl on the block . All he 's got is hope and a one-bedroom apartment he shares with his family . His grandmother doesn 't trust him , his brother worships him , and his half-sister just declared war . But Victor thinks love really can conquer all in this warm , genuine , and touching romantic comedy about life in the part of the city most people never see , " according to the DVD sleeve 's synopsis . Peter Sollett ' " Raising Victor Vargas " elicits engaging " debut " performances from lead actor Victor Rasuk ( as Victor Vargas ) and the cast . Mr. Rasuk and juicy Judy Marte ( as Judy Gonzalez ) are sexy and endearing as " Lower East Side Kids " discovering the joy of sexual attraction . Considering how attractive they look in this picture , it 's not hard to predict they hook up - and , although you may wonder how " innocent " they really are , their characterizations seem true . Victor 's brother " Nino " is played by Victor 's real-life brother Silvestre Rasuk , who looks the part his older brother is playing . Sometimes , it 's nice to see movie brothers who actually look alike ; and , hopefully they will work together again . " Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs " sister Krystal Rodriguez ( as Vicki ) and old world Altagracia Guzman ( as Grandma ) round out the sex-starved Dominican immigrant family . So , are hand-held-camera coming-of-age films in vogue , or what ? * * * * * * * Raising Victor Vargas ( 5 / 16 / 02 ) Peter Sollett ~ Victor Rasuk , July Marte , Silvestre Rasuk
0	Amen to Magsel . There was a lot of confusion going on . First off , how do you know which movie you are purchasing ? Henry Cele stars in every one of them . I bought this movie thinking it was the miniseries ... WHAT A LETDOWN ! ! It would have been a comedy but for the young girl being raped . David Hasselhoff ( spelling ? ) is OK for popcorn TV but he was not believable in this film ( where was his English accent ? ) AND WHAT 'S WITH THE LOVE STORY ? ? ? The movie was supposed to be about a young man 's rise to military power - not the slave ship captain getting jiggly with the English maiden looking for her daddy ... If I had paid more than $ 7 for this movie , I would have to call the police - because that would be a crime !
0	Can we say retarded ? This girl has no talent what so ever , nothing but complete garbage . You people are just marking 10 stars because you know most people hate this pathetic woman , if its such a " great " show then why did it get canceled after 6 measly episodes ? exactly . People that support her , please seek help you do NOT know what is funny . Her stand up comedy is just so stupid , seriously how do you find this trash funny ? The show tries to poke fun at stereo types and other things that are not funny at all . Carlos Mencia is funny and to that stupid poster , he actually has fans and his show is on the air so I 'm sorry your a redneck who doesen 't get his jokes . Please give me my 20 minutes of my life back .
1	The movie is absolutely silly . But were you expecting a high-brow intellectual film based on a comic called Slam Dunk ? Really ? Jay Chou 's acting isn 't exactly the most moving thing I 've ever seen , but I certainly enjoyed the movie . Was it somewhere near the level of awesome that someone like Jet Li or Stephen Chow can produce ? No , not really . Was it thoroughly entertaining if you 're just taking it at surface value ? Absolutely . It 's a movie about some Chinese eye-candy idols and musicians who can play basketball at an unreal level of expertise . There 's an evil Triad-style dude and a wacky scheming guy who gets Jay Chou involved in all of this . A love interest . It 's formulaic but really , suspend disbelief for a while . Come on . It 's called Kung Fu Dunk . What do you really think you signed on for ? Do yourself a favor if you watch it - I found myself a copy with some Engrish subtitles that made the movie nigh unintelligible conversation wise , but we got a great laugh out of it . They would appear to be extremely fixated on Jerusalem and the numbers 1 , 10 . I laughed , I cried , I hurled . I 'd watch it again . Especially for that fight scene in the bar . Well choreographed and well shot . I especially enjoy the plexiglass lit pool table - I 'd LOVE to play on one of those . Slick enough for me , but I dig on trash cinema .
1	Utterly tactical , strange ( watch for the kinky moment of a drop-dead gorgeous blonde acting as pull-string doll for some rich folks ) , pointless but undoubtedly compelling late-night feature . This unhinged French production is a stew of perplexedly unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations centred on its very charismatic stars ( if somewhat anti-heroes ) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson . Really they don 't get to do all that much , especially during the confined , lengthy mid-section where they hide themselves in a building during the Christmas break to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combinations . Oh fun ! But this is when the odd , if intriguing relationship is formed between Delon and Bronson 's characters . After a manipulative battle of wills ( and childishly sly games against each other ) , the two come to an understanding that sees them honour each other 's involvement and have a mutual respect . This would go on to play a further part in the twisty second half of the story with that undetectable curve-ball . Still their encounters early on suggest there 's more , but what we get is vague and this is magnified by that ' What just happen there ? ' ending that might just make you jump . YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH ! Glad to get that out of the system . The pacing is terribly slow , but placidly measured for it and this seems purposely done to exhaust with its edgy , nervous underlining tension . Watch as the same process is repeated over and over again , and you know something is not quite right and the scheming eventually comes into play . Now everything that does happen feels too spontaneous , but the climax payoff is haunting . The taut , complex script is probably a little too crafty for its own good , but there are some neat novelties ( Coins , glass and liquids try not spilling ) and visual symbolisms . Jean Herman 's direction is efficiently sophisticated and low-key , but get a tad artificial and infuse an unwelcoming icy atmosphere . The sound FX features more as a potent note , than that of Francois DeRoubaix 's funky score that 's mainly kept under wrapped after its sizzling opening . Top drawers Delon ( who 's quite steely ) and Bronson ( a jovial turn ) are solid , and work off each tremendously . Bernard Fresson chalks up the attitude as the Inspector who knows there 's more going on than what is being led on . An attractive female cast features able support by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot . A cryptically directionless , but polished crime drama maintained by its two leads and some bizarre inclusions .
1	Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie . I Mean ... Its Funny . Its Violent. and Very Enjoyable . Most People Say that it Is B Rated , But That Couldn 't be Farther from the truth . It has Great Special Effects and Good Acting . The Only Weird thing is of Course , The Killer Snowman . I Think this Movie was Actually one of The Best Films of the Late-Nineties . Most Films these Days lack the Criteria of A Clive Barker Master Piece . That is , Be Original and Give the Viewer What they Do not Expect . Jack Frost is Very Cool . 10 out of 10 . Grade : A + . Ed Also Recommends The Movie Uncle Sam to Fans of Jack Frost .
1	Diane Keaton has played a few " heavy " parts in her many years on the big screen but she 's mostly known for the " light and fluffy " stuff with Woody Allen , such as Annie Hall . She deserves an Oscar for best actress in a drama for this effort and it doesn 't really matter what the competition was the year it was first shown . Try and find a scene in which she doesn 't appear . And it was all heavy drama , exhausting in its pace and retakes , action , all at full speed . The make-up made her as young as possible and she fit the 30s age category even in close-ups , but she was playing half her age and at a very fast pace . The movie , overall was fairly well done , staged and shot well with a strong supporting cast but Keaton carried the load .
1	To fight against the death penalty is a just cause . Everyone who is sane in Europe would think so . In the USA everything is different . The film seems to demonstrate in a first stage that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty craving American justice . A young man is freed from death row thanks to a law professor who went back to defense counseling for this particular case . But the film has a sequel . Justice in the USA is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance . Miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance . One person in the local Public Attorney Offfice has a young man prosecuted on false charges . This Public Attorney 's officer drops the charges after a while and the young man walks out free . But he loses his college scholarship and he is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is never any smoke without a fire . He hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance . But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs which are more mental than hormonal for sure but even stronger because mental and no longer hormonal and he can only do that with little girls . He apparently teams with another serial killer who is after the same kind of preys . One day the local cops follow their intuition , guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the assassination of a young girl , and they arrest the young chap we are speaking of . They beat him up and interrogate him for 22 hours with nothing but blows and blows and telephone books and guns and Russian roulette . He confesses . Sent to death row , he asks his grandmother to go get the law professor in Massachusetts who is the husband of the Local Public Attorney 's representative that had him falsely prosecuted some years ago and the vengeance is on the rails . It will fail but it shows that as soon as one in the line of justice , police work and other security forces steps off the line of absolute legality , some unjust act is done that can ruin even the best accusation case and that can nourish the worst deepest imaginable thirst for vengeance . To charge someone on circumstantial elements is just as bad as to let circumstantial elements ruin the work of the police or of justice . The best intentions on the police side are ruined by some personal involvement and vengeful intention , just as much as the life of a person can be jeopardized by circumstantial elements inflated to the size of evidence , which in its turn will jeopardize the whole case by being just circumstantial , hence easily discardable , with a good lawyer . The film then is a deep reflection on the necessity to respect standards and regulations all along the police and justice line if we don 't want to make a mistake , which in its turn of course does not justify the death penalty since anyway it goes against the deepest belief Americans are supposed to have : " We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty , and the pursuit of Happiness . " ( Declaration of Independence ) Life is an unalienable Right that was given to man by his Creator , which means no one but the one who gave it can take it away . Only God can take the life of a person away . The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have . Even if we do not evoke God , we cannot justify the death penalty except as an act of vengeance , and here the film shows vengeance is the worst possible motivation in the rendition of justice and in the establishment of public peace . If vengeance is pushed aside there is no other justification for this death penalty . And there can always be a mistake in that pursuit not of Happiness but of vengeance . Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne , University Paris 8 Saint Denis , University Paris 12 Crteil , CEGID
0	I tried to finish this film three times , but it 's god awful . Case in point : mom and daughter drive up to the bed and breakfast , mom stops for gas , crazy gas station weirdos mad at her hubby whose running the B & B try to rape her . She escapes , heads to B & B and instead of hubby going ballistic and she wanting to call the cops , story just continues with lukewarm behavior on both their parts . Wow . Other action logic deficits abound . Acting is also lukewarm , and the next door neighbor 's warning is delivered in a really corny , badly acted moment . Moments of intense gore / death unevenly interwoven with lukewarm scenes of time-filler interplay between characters . Less focus on gore , more focus on mood and story would have been appreciated .
0	This is the worst imaginable crap . The novel by H. Rider Haggard is very entertaining and dramatic . The makers of this worthless movie don 't follow it closely . Well , old novels aren 't sacred and making free versions of them is fine with me if one has ideas of one 's own . If all one can do is changing things and replace them with uninteresting and watered-down clichs one should stick to the original . If they had done that this film would have been at least twice as good even with worse actors and if filmed inside a studio with huts made of cardboard . BUt there 's no imagination at all only tiredness . This should be bought or watched only by collectors of Victorian novels made into movies . Just a hint , and not a spoiler I think , to make those of you who have read the novel understand what has taken place and what you may expect if you decide to watch this on TV or - God forbid - waste money on buying this . Gagool an old baddie witch in the book and some precursor to Gollum has been turned into a nice gal !
0	This trashy B movie attempts to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction , but it is really a poor excuse for a sexploitation flick . The story revolves around Sammy Horn ( subtle name ) played by Michael Des Barres . Sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife Grace ( Rosanna Arquette ) and a young child . He has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree ( and of course every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite the fact that he looks old enough to be collecting Social Security ) . The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist ( Nastassja Kinski ) where he is describing each of his sexual exploits via flashback . This is nothing more than a convenient launching point for a parade of serial sex acts , which consumes at least 75 % of the screen time . It is hard to know where to begin criticizing a film this bad . The production values are abysmal . The movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a TV soap opera ( at best ) and an amateur porn flick shot in someone 's garage . The direction by Joseph Brutsman is horrible with bad lighting , uninspired framing and poor actor direction . The script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar . Women are generally portrayed as sex obsessed nymphomaniacs just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come along and rough them up while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation . As an example , Grace 's sister comes over to indignantly inform Sammy that she knows he 's been sleeping around and that she is going to tell his wife . His response to that is to throw her up against the wall and begin raping her . About three seconds into it she has an epiphany and is instantly converted to one of his sex disciples begging him to give her more . Just as they finish Grace walks in and sis says to her , `Oh , great to see you , gotta run to pick up Timmy ' and mum 's the word about Sammy 's indiscretions . The bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good ravishment . No spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it . The sex depictions are all overdone , mechanical , and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic . Most of them are done with both participants fully clothed . The acting is wretched . Michael Des Barres presents all the depth of a rain puddle . He really seems to get into the thrusting and profanity of the sex parts , but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski , he is adrift . Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film , giving a bearable performance and looking genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal . Nastassja Kinski is far too compassionate as the therapist , but at least we have some acting happening here . The rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doubles to whom they give thought provoking lines like `hit me harder , is that the best you can do ? ' and `Oh , GodYES ' . This movie is among the worst I have ever seen , a dubious distinction given the thousands of films I have viewed . I have given it the extremely rare dishonor of rating it 1 / 10 . Not to be seen within three hours of any meal .
0	A far as B-movies go , SCARECROW is one of those that are so bad , that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through . A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls , ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck . He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him . Apparently , the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers . This scarecrow , aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims , can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight . Also , why did he always look like a rotted corpse ? Just like the two needless sequels that followed this , this isn 't even worth a laugh .
0	The first Home Alone was a decent enough film ... the sequel was pretty much the same , at a new setting . This one tries to be original , and succeeds to some degree ... of course , the formula is basically the same , so it 's like watching the same movie for a third time with slightly altered plot . The new score is quite bad ( though the new " setting traps " piece was , if nothing else , interesting and different ) , especially compared to the grand score of the first , and the almost-but-not-quite-as-good score of the second . It ( almost ) makes up for it by using some pretty good non-original music , but it 's just not the same . The plot is fair , and somewhat original to the franchise , but it 's still basically the same movie as the first two , with worse acting and a less impressive example of the ' scary character turning out to be good ' . The acting is mostly unimpressive . The characters are mostly caricatures . The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones ( and they make fun of spy-stuff , which is almost criminal , given the limited amount of good spy flicks there are , and how precious few of them are cool ) . The fact that there are more of them ( and thereby more traps ) is just a weak attempt at trying to go one higher than the first two films ... and it doesn 't work . The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a tad too ... adult and serious for a children 's film ( and there was a sexual joke or two , though that isn 't the first time in the series ) . It 's also unnecessarily complex , as is the plot in general . I could follow it , but I doubt a kid could . Some of the exposition are delivered so obviously that even children may find it stupid . The animal stuff is generally not amusing . There are fewer siblings , which should mean that those there are get developed more , but they have less personality than the least featured of those of the first two films . All in all , just not particularly good , or worth watching , unless you * really * love watching criminals getting hurt in cartoon-y violence . I recommend this to huge fans of the series only . 3 / 10
0	Two years ago , on Berlin Film Festival we watched the Amos Kollek movie " Sue " in the Panorama program , with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the leading part . It 's a film about loneliness and sex , and how the one thing is compensated by the other . In the same section on the Festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of Sue , " Extension du domaine de la lutte " , which now tries to convince us that loneliness and having NO sex is one and the same problem . But unfortunately we can 't sympathize with " our hero " ( how he is called by the story-teller ) , because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself . Own fault , I 'm sorry . I can 't understand him . Not enough , the writer / director / actor want us admitting to him , that it 's not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality , what brought him so far , but the rotten society and its image of sexuality . Yes , there are some deeper insights about gender relations , but we won 't follow him so far ... And the point is , that there is rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate , having no sex . Who didn 't notice yet , it 's a quite depressing film ... In the beginning , there had been some starts to be more accurate in sketching the situation . At the bed store the " hero " speaks about the hindrances buying a new bed . Perhaps it 's too broad getting up the stairs , you have to stay at home half a day ... THIS is a satire about a character , who doesn 't know taking the life and heart in hands , DOING something ... The movie doesn`t follow this path , but handles his characters with helplessness . Nobody believes , that " our hero " is able to instigate Tisserand for a murder . Too dull , too kind , too - passive ( not to mention Tisserand 's complex ; he has an inhibition , but he couldn 't be , of course , a murderer of women ! ) . To finish : There are women and the world , it 's not a device of a modern sexualized society . Help you as you can , but don 't follow the messages and the " wisdom " of this movie , which announces bankruptcy to human relationships , without seizing the real conflicts within .
1	Not only is this film entertaining , with excellent comedic acting , but also interesting politically . It was made at the end of the Soviet Union , but makes fun of the soviet mentality through and through . The story is set during the early days of the soviet union , and it questions the rationale behind the revolution both in cultural and practical terms . Of course , by the late 80s and early 90s , the bizarre strictures of soviet society are already relaxed , but the ideology and mentality is still alive and well and ready for some well-deserved deconstruction . Happily , all this deep philosophical commentary is wrapped in a funny and entertaining package ! Jur
1	I saw the latter half of this movie about a year ago and was very happy to finally find it available on DVD . Recently , I watched several of the reality series on PBS about ranching , etc . None of them came as close to telling the story as this movie does . Based on REAL reality , pulling no punches , bleak , happy , tragic and enlightening , this is a movie that should be shown to students or to anyone interested in early frontier life . Fine acting on the part of both Rip Torn and Conchata Ferrell add to an well done script . The opening credit states that it was done though funds supplied through the National Endowment for the Humanities . If this is the kind of product taxes could go to I would be happy to see more . I highly recommend it and would encourage people to tell a friend if you have seen it and enjoyed the film .
0	A man brings his new wife to his home where his former wife died of an " accident " . His new wife has just been released from an institution and is also VERY rich ! All of the sudden she starts hearing noises and seeing skulls all over the place . Is she going crazy again or is the first wife coming back from the dead ? You 've probably guessed the ending so I won 't spell it out . I saw this many times on Saturday afternoon TV as a kid . Back then , I liked it but I WAS young . Seeing it now I realize how bad it is . It 's horribly acted , badly written , very dull ( even at an hour ) and has a huge cast of FIVE people ( one being the director ) ! Still it does have some good things about it . The music is kinda creepy and the setting itself with the huge empty house and pond nearby is nicely atmospheric . There also are a few scary moments ( I jumped a little when she saw the first skull ) and a somewhat effective ending . All in all it 's definitely NOT a good movie ... but not a total disaster either . It does have a small cult following . I give it a 2 . Also try to avoid the Elite DVD Drive-in edition of it ( it 's paired with " Attack of the Giant Leeches " ) . It 's in TERRIBLE shape with jumps and scratches all over . It didn 't even look this bad on TV !
1	This is a bizzare look at Al 's " life " , back when he still a hyper 20-something . The ( real ) home videos of Al as a kid are great , and the commentary from his ( real life ) parents gives a nice glimpse of just how Weird Al wound up as screwed up as he is . This video is a must own for any devoted Al-coholic .
0	Warning : This review contains minor spoilers . Well the writers of the first Tremors are officially out of ideas . I 'm a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare . Tremors 4 : The Legends Begins , however , is a very dull movie . Where the heck are the Graboids ? ? ? Due to the relative lack of Graboids through the first 90 minutes I 'm convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a " character study " . Unfortunately there isn 't one interesting character in the movie except for Billy Drago 's character who is given too few lines , too little to do and in the end too little screen time . What saved the 2nd and 3rd movies was the presence of Michael Gross as Burt Gummer . Whenever there wasn 't any action on the screen you could rest assured that Burt Gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and / or watch . However in this movie Gross plays Hiram Gummer a very poor and boring substitute . On the plus side when the Graboids ( Dirt Dragons in this movie ) are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets . I was impressed when I saw that Tremors 4 was listed at 101 minutes long . Pretty good for straight to video . But after watching it I 'm sure that this movie is a good 15 minutes too long . There are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn 't further the plot any . Was there a rush to get this movie made ? I think not , more time could have and should have been spent on the script . I thought I had hit a gold mine when I saw Tremors 4 packaged for sale with ... Tremors ! ! ! What luck I thought , pay for # 4 get # 1 for free . Well after watching Tremors 4 I like to think I paid for the original and got this mess for free , I can 't imagine paying a single dime for Tremors 4 . For fans of the series it 's best to forget that Tremors 4 : The Legend Begins even exists . Tremors 4 : The Legend Begins rates a 3 out of 10 .
1	Film dominated by raven-haired Barbara Steele , it was seen when I was seven or eight and created permanent images of pallid vampiric men and women stalking a castle , seeking blood . Steele is an icon of horror films and an otherworldly beauty , and the views of the walking dead pre-date Romero 's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD shamblers , unifying them in my mind . I don 't see the connection between this film and THE HAUNTING , which is clever but ambiguous about the forces present . LA DANZA MACABRE is a b-movie without pretention , daring you to fall in love with Barbara Steele and suffer the consequences . There 's no such draw to HAUNTING 's overwrought Claire Bloom . The comparisons to the HAUNTING are superficial . And no , this movie does NOT need to be remade . Not only is it a product of the Sixties , but the large percentage of talentless cretins in Hollywood cannot fathom MACABRE 's formula for terror . That formula is based on one overriding factor : GOOD WRITING . Low-grade classics like CASTLE and Corman 's Poe films with R. Matheson and Tourneur 's OUT OF THE PAST share a commonality of strong writing . It 's simple . Get a real writer like Richard Matheson or Steve McQuarrie and let them put a plot into today 's cinematic mess . Besides that , let Hollywood attempt some original material for a change , and stop exploiting the obviously superior product of the past .
0	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth . Sadly , though , after priming us with this , the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on Christianity , and pretty much focusing on the easy targets . The writer / director clearly has some issues with the Church ( he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger ) and this film seems to be his form of release . It 'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded , but as a whole , the movie is disappointing .
1	Before all , I 'd like to point out that I have not read the book , so there was no chance I 'd be disappointed in that aspect . The major flaw I spotted was historical detail , with several cars , trains , clothes , etc . I think dont belong at that time . * * * Possible spoiler * * * * * The technical aspect of the film is ok , nothing to brag about . But the acting , I think , was terrific . I don 't have no experience in acting , still I can 't believe how people can consider this terrible ! Maybe they 've only seen two movies ( ever ) , and the other one must have been very good indeed ! I specially liked Jeremy Irons , and really understood his character , someone who crawled up the social ladder with very hard work , then fights against those who would take his life 's work from him , only he gets so involved in this fight , he doesn 't realize reason is no longer at his side , and he ends up a beaten , disappointed man . Irons made this so believable , I sympathized with the character despite his brutality . After Jeremy Irons , Winona Ryder is also wonderful as a romantic young women , who is drawn into the revolutionary ideals by her boyfriend ( Banderas , he had an under-developed part , I think ) , and Glenn Close was also very good . Meryl Streep had an average performance , it was not bad , just not up to the standards of the other actors . Watch out for Miguel Guilherme , a fine Portuguese actor , between so many stars . In contrast to today 's movies , here only the interpretations , only people matter , but at the same time , it is not a pretensious film , too worried trying to be intellectual . The best proof I really liked it , I 'm writing a review 7 years later .
0	The sight of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is about the only thing that wakes you up from your sleep while watching Tashan the mega-disappointing , mind-numbing new film at the cinemas this weekend . Bad films are bad films and we see some every week , but Tashan is not just a bad film , it 's a terrible film . Terrible because it takes its audience for granted , terrible also because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or any common sense only because they 've got big movie stars onboard.Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya , Tashan is what you 'd describe as a road movie , but one that 's going in all the wrong directions . Saif Ali Khan stars as Jimmy Cliff , a call-centre executive who 's hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - that 's Anil Kapoor playing an ambitious UP gangster , desperate to go cool . Jimmy 's got his eye on Pooja , the gangster 's pretty young assistant ( played by Kareena Kapoor ) , who uses Jimmy to swindle her boss of 25 crore rupees . Determined to recover his money and also to punish both Jimmy and Pooja , Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job . So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey , the gangster 's faithful aide from Kanpur , who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that 's hidden across the length and breadth of the country.Much like those bad eighties potboilers , Tashan too is held together by a threadbare script centred on a vendetta plot . But the treatment 's so over-the-top , so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect . Instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-act structure , you get a handful of set pieces around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed . That garish item song in the desert , the bullet-dodging action scene at a Rajasthani fort , Kareeena 's bikini moment , even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monks , a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala , and believe it or not , even a Dhanno-style horse-driven tonga . In all fairness , not all these set pieces are badly done - the item song in the desert is quite neat actually - but very little of it makes any sense in the larger picture , because you 're just going from one piece to another without any help from the script really . Little do you expect in a seemingly fast-paced road movie , to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood sweethearts.You see the problem with Tashan is nobody associated with this film knew what film they were making . What 's more , I don 't think they cared either - the film reeks of arrogance . Arbitrarily packing in elements of every genre without actually bothering to stop and see if the mix does work , Tashan is like an overcooked stew.There are films that kill you softly , and then there 's Tashan , a film that kills you with excess . Packaged snazzily with glossy-finish camera-work , exotic locations and fancy costumes , every frame of the film probably cost lakhs to put together , but it still feels like a hollow piece in the end because the story doesn 't hold . Borrowing narrative from Tarantino and style from Stephen Chow doesn 't help either because they don 't blend with the film 's wafer-thin plot . One may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging , but Anil Kapoor 's grating Hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrists , and Saif Ali Khan fumbles through the film foolishly , unable to find his feet . Kareena Kapoor , meanwhile , queen of over-the-top delivery , does a decent job . But of course , if Tashan is salvaged to some extent , it 's thanks to Akshay Kumar 's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character . You cringe when he 's cupping his crotch repeatedly , and you scowl when he delivers those double-meaning dialogues , but not for a moment can you take your eyes off the screen when he 's up there.Despite some good music from Vishal-Shekhar , the songs seem like they 're only prolonging your misery . Well that 's because Tashan is a test of your patience . In case you didn 't know , Tashan means style . I 'm sorry to say , this film has none .
0	Taped this late night movie when I was in grade 11 , watched it on fast forward . I sugest you do the same . I though it would be and action film , but went to a cort tv type movie . In the end it fits in with the early 70 's social activest type films . Glad I missed that era . 2 / 10
0	* * * SPOILERS * * * * * * SPOILERS * * * When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline . But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed . This gullible family ends up driving through this " deserted " town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear , the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them . Their are more gaps than I can count and they don 't explain anything that happens how or what . It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something ( which is never explained ) . The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused .
1	It seems that it is becoming fashionable to rip " Basic Instinct 2 , " to the point that a significant part of the audience ( including critics ) found it terrible even before it was released . It seems even more fashionable to trash Sharon Stone wholike all of usis now fourteen years older , andunlike most of usstill looks wonderful . First comments on this movie were so vicious that I had to see for myself . In my opinion , this sequel is not nearly as good as the original film , but is not as bad as most comments pretend . Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven , neither Henry Bean and Leora Barish are Joe Eszterhas . " Basic Instinct 2 " is just an entertaining , average thriller , and besides the addition of Jerry Goldsmith original score , keeps little resemblance to its predecessor . Even Stone gives her character a different dimension , creating a lustful , devilish Catherine Trimell , who can perfectly well rank among other monsters like Hannibal Lecter . She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid of taking risks and can play with camp at her leisure . Unfortunately , she seems to be the main target for those who enjoy trashing this flick . She became too successful , too much of a main icon , and like all those actors who have reached that level , her time has arrived and she is now bound to be destroyed by Hollywood audiences . The rest of the cast is outstanding , giving performances that are far better than the material deserves . David Morrissey is a much better actor and by far more interesting than Michael Douglas : his acting is flawless , giving a dense , complex dimension to an otherwise one dimensional character . Since he has more screen time and is the axis of the movie , he can keep your attention from beginning to end . I am not recommending " Basic Instinct 2 " as a great movie ; I am just expressing my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my conviction that agendas other than the movie itself are shaping the opinion of most spectators .
1	question : how do you steal a scene from the expert of expert scene stealers Walther Mathau in full , furious and brilliant Grumpy Old Man mode ? answer : quietly , deadpan , and with perfect timing as George Burns does here . I know nothing of Vaudeville but this remains a favourite film , the two leads are hilarious , the script funny , the direction and pacing very fine . Richard Benjamin is very funny as straight man - trying to get at Burns through the window etc . Even the small parts are great . There are so many funny scenes , Mathau messing up the commercial , Burns repeating his answers as if senile ... A delight . Enterrrrrr !
1	One can only hope that there are many times when someone as powerful as Morgan Freeman can take the time to assist someone who needs help . It all comes down to loving people . As Will Rogers said , " I never met a man I didn 't like . " Of course , if you meet Paz Vega , what 's not to like ? That smile of hers can melt diamonds . She is just so fantastic that I can watch anything she is in . The same goes for Freeman. he is just magic on the screen . The two of them gave us a film that was funny from start to finish . From the Mexican supermarket to Lorraine & Bobby to Packy . It was tender , charming and just plain funny . You have to check this out .
1	At first glance I expected this film to be crappy because I thought the plot would be so excessively feminist . But I was wrong . As you maybe have read in earlier published comments , I agree in that the feminist part in this film does not bother . I never had the idea that the main character was exaggerating her position as a woman . It 's like Guzman is presented as somebody with a spine , this in contrast to her classmates . So I was surprised by the story , in fact , I thought it was quite good , except for the predictable end . Maybe it would 've been a better idea to give the plot a radical twist , so that the viewer is somewhat more surprised . In addition , I 'd like to say that Rodriguez earned her respect by the way she put away her character . I can 't really explain why , but especially in the love scenes she convinced me . It just looked real I think . I gave it a 7 out of 10 , merely because of the dull last half hour .
1	" I didn 't want this to get complicated , Leese . I have to assume she 's gonna read that . " Fear takes flight at 30,000 feet in this taut , action thriller . An overnight flight to Miami quickly becomes a battle for survival when Lisa ( Rachel McAdams ) realizes her seatmate ( Cillian Murphy ) is planning to use her as part of a chilling assassination plot . As the minutes tick by , she 's in a race against time to warn the potential victims before its to late . One of the many reasons I love this movie , is because of the chemistry between the two stars , McAdams and Murphy , who are also two of my top favorite actors . For example , the early scenes at the airport play more like a romantic comedy : two people keep running into each other ... I got to hand it to the two as well , for making a film like this work . Especially , Murphy 's character .. Jackson who really seems to be sort of complicated in that way that he acts charming and innocent , yet he 's trying to do his job and make Lisa feel trapped physically and mentally . I mean , in certain parts he really seems to be concerned for Lisa . A great thrill ride all the way through . A lot of films I would hate to see a prequel or a sequel about , but actually I wouldn 't mind a prequel to this one , which would take place with Jackson surveilling Lisa . Favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene , because it was so unexpected . There was also that nice buildup to the famous ' pen ' scene . When is she going to make her move ? There was also that nice change in McAdam 's Lisa , where she changed herself from being a victim into fighting back . I also loved the scene where she sits down in the food court and pretends to ask some ladies a survey about the food court . How great was Murphy with his whole weezing .....
1	This is a beautiful , rich , and very well-executed film with a rich and meaningful story . Basically , it tells how an old master story teller needs to find a ( male ) heir to carry on his craft , but ends up not getting what he expected in his very male-dominated world . The characters must then deal with their situation and the old master must grapple with the conflict between his desire for a companion and heir and his and society 's traditional notions . The story is fun , emotional , and complex . The exploration of the characters , their lives , and emotions , is rich and compelling the character development is strong while the characters are complex and not one dimensional at all . The film expertly conveys the old man 's emotions and his desire to find an heir , and compellingly shows how he and the kid handle the situation . There is also humour , sometimes quite subtle , at appropriate points . The film also examines the good and bad of traditional Chinese culture , creating further interest and depth to the film . The directing , acting , and scenery are all outstanding . Added to the other strengths , this creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling , real characters . As a result , the film evokes strong empathy for , and feelings about , the characters . Some have claimed that the ending weakens the film , but I do not necessarily agree . Perhaps it could have been stronger with a different ending , but any improvement in the overall film would have been rather small .
0	I saw this movie at an actual movie theater ( probably the $ 2.00 one ) with my cousin and uncle . We were around 11 and 12 , I guess , and really into scary movies . I remember being so excited to see it because my cool uncle let us pick the movie ( and we probably never got to do that again ! ) and sooo disappointed afterwards ! ! Just boring and not scary . The only redeeming thing I can remember was Corky Pigeon from Silver Spoons , and that wasn 't all that great , just someone I recognized . I 've seen bad movies before and this one has always stuck out in my mind as the worst . This was from what I can recall , one of the most boring , non-scary , waste of our collective $ 6 , and a waste of film . I have read some of the reviews that say it is worth a watch and I say , " Too each his own " , but I wouldn 't even bother . Not even so bad it 's good .
1	This movie is just plain silly . Almost every scene has some bit of humor : running gags , slapstick , and great jokes . The acting isn 't that great , and the plot is cliche , but the jokes more than make up for that . If you have a chance to see this movie , I recommend that you do .
0	Ultimately too silly and pointless . Yes there is the gilded cage metaphor but probably most kids would miss that . Forgettable . Instantly . Animation is , as we have come to expect , super-real . The plot-line could best be described as thin but tenacious . Although the ending seemed arbitrary to me . The sewer underworld is a suitably disgusting reflection of the world above and , somehow , wealth and money seem to count for a lot there too . Oh yes , and there 's a romantic interest with the female being the smarter , more savvy and go-getting of the pair - this in itself is rapidly becoming a tiresome ( anti ) stereotype . Probably your kids will love it though .
0	It 's hard to tell if Noonan and Marshall are trying to ape Abbott & Costello , Martin & Lewis , Curley & Larry , or some other comedy team , but whoever it was they were trying to imitate , they failed miserably . There 's barely one weak laugh in this whole incredibly stupid picture . Noonan ( who helped write the alleged " script " ) and Marshall have no chemistry whatsoever ; Marshall seems to be trying for a Dean Martin type of devil-may-care coolness , but he doesn 't come even remotely close . God knows what Noonan thought he was doing , but being funny sure wasn 't it . He seems to think that flapping his arms and legs a lot and staring dumbly at everyone and everything is the height of screen comedy ; maybe for him it is , but not for the audience . I remember seeing this in the theaters when it came out . It was on the bottom of a double bill with a three-year-old Jeff Chandler western ( " Pillars of the Sky , " which was pretty good ) and a Three Stooges short ( " Sappy Bullfighters " , which wasn 't ) , and about 20 minutes into this thing all the kids in the audience were throwing stuff at the screen ; it was so staggeringly unfunny that it didn 't even measure up to the worst of the Three Stooges shorts . I stayed around for the end of it ( not that I wanted to , but my folks weren 't due to pick me up until after the movie ended ) , and by the time this mess was over , I was the only one in the theater . I saw it again about 15 or so years ago on cable one night , and stuck around to watch it to see if it was as bad as I remembered . It was worse . The only thing it had going for it was Julie Newmar , who was as smokingly hot as ever ; other than her , this thing has absolutely NOTHING to recommend it . The two of them also play Japanese soldiers , and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis ' infamous playing of Japanese characters as thick-lensed , buck-toothed , gibbering mental defectives look benign by comparison . Marshall went on to host " Hollywood Squares , " and Noonan kept trying his hand at making movies , but most of them were almost as bad as this . Not quite , though , as I don 't think ANYTHING could be quite as bad as this . A truly pathetic waste of film . Don 't waste your time on it .
1	This was the second of the series of 6 " classic Tarzan " movies featuring Johnny Weismuller in the title role and Maureen O 'Sullivan as Jane . As usual , this was a wonderful film in this series ; and perhaps stands out as an " in between " film in a progression that could almost exemplify the development of cinema from the early 1930s into the 1940s . As such , it displayed good pace , though not as good as subsequent films . Likewise , the cinematography is less accomplished than later Tarzan films in this series . The stock I saw was of uneven quality , containing some grainy scenery and some under-exposed and over-exposed scenes . The crisp display of later Tarzan films is lacking here . On the other hand , there is one scene , very early on , in which the jerky movements of a camera with foliage swishing in front of it as the camera backs up , showing safari men forging ahead into the jungle , was really almost modern in its style , and stands in strong contrast to the stationary shots that make up the rest of the movie . Regarding plot , one interesting feature here was Jane 's near-fickleness and inconstancy , when she was being subject to Martin 's flirtations . The kiss and Jane 's stunned , and partly guilty , reaction foreshadow something of the Jane we see in the future as well in these films . Compare , for example , in Tarzan Finds a Son ! Jane 's duplicitous actions tricking Tarzan and delivering Boy to his family . Later she admits to Tarzan that she was wrong . Here , nothing quite so explicit , but we have Jane " returning " to the Jane Parker of yesteryear , and in an almost repentant series of actions , stripping herself of the evening gown brought by Martin and Harry to entice her away from Tarzan . There were a whole series of depictions and sequences that especially struck me in this viewing . For one thing , the picture we get of the domestic life of Tarzan is here , as later , a combination of sensual idyll with always the nearby possibility of violent death . This to me is very much at the core of the Tarzan experience . I was really surprised by some quite violent scenes even by today 's standards . There were a whole series of scenes that gave me special pleasure : Tarzan leading the elephants into the Valley of the Elephants ' Graveyard ; Tarzan being rescued from watery death by the hippo , and then nursed to health by the apes ; Cheetah going to find Tarzan when Jane and the other men are trapped at the foot of the escarpment ; Cheetah in particular crossing the river on the log . The final battle scenes of savages & lions on the ground and savages & apes in the trees . Jane , showing us that she is truly of Tarzan 's world now , quickly displaying her enterprising woodcraft to work up a line of fire to keep the lions away . The final series of scenes is splendid : suddenly Tarzan is on the scene , flinging savages from the trees and taking charge of the lions , and summoning the elephants to the rescue ! That final cry of Tarzan in triumph , holding a happy Jane in his arms , with a dancing and delighted Cheetah beside them , is a memorably picture and really a fine summation of the story of Tarzan and Jane . All in all , this is another wonderful classic Tarzan movie . I would recommend this movie strongly to anyone .
0	In my life I have seen many great and awful movies . I am not an expert in professional reviews , but I have definitely something to say about this one . Firstly , these actors are the worst I have seen ... Their acting is so unreal that you even want to throw away the DVD in the first 2 minutes . I think that these actors were not interested in the quality . Another awful thing is about these dialogs - they are so lame . You sometimes feel uncomfortable when you hear them . It seems that your 14 year old son could act better . I feel that this movie had a budget similar to the cost of my 14 year old European car ... Please , if my message reaches you - save your time and money .
1	An end of an era was released here in the States in Spring 2002 with " The Rookie , " a Disney live action film that seemed to be the " best for last ! ! ! ! ! " It took place right here in Texas ! Actually , the story began in West Texas , as evidenced by an area code found on a sign over there . It was about a high school coach who was so convinced by his high class baseball team that he decided to go professional ! ! ! ! ! What I liked about this movie : It was sooo nice ! ! ! ! ! It was a very good sports movie , ala " The Mighty Ducks " trilogy . It had also taken moviegoers across Texas , from somewhere between the Panhandle and El Paso all the way to the Metroplex ( where I live ) . I can tell because I recognize that ballpark ( was " The Ballpark in Arlington ; " now it 's " Ameriquest Field " ) ! It was nice to see Disney 's " Golden Age " end here in my area ! ! ! ! ! R.I.P. Golden Age of Disney 1920s-Spring 2002 " It all started with a mouse ... and it ended with baseball . " ( sobs ) 10 / 10
0	Whenever I make up a list of the absolute worst movies I 've ever seen , this movie is always on it . It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . It took an act of will to sit through the whole thing , and I would sooner spill my own blood than have to sit through it again . What 's wrong with it ? Let me tell you the story of my trip to go see it in the theater . I went to a midnight show , on a Saturday night . I the only ones in the theater were myself , and a bunch of loud , boisterous , rather unruly teenagers , sitting somewhere behind me . They were obviously out having a good time on a Saturday night , and had come to this " comedy " for some laughs . Before the movie starts , during the previews , they were laughing and joking and making loud comments having a grand old time . It was borderline annoying ; had they continued their unbridled enthusiasm into the actual movie , I might 've said something , but I was feeling tolerant and empathetic of their spirited fun , so I let it go . And they did settle down once the movie started . Why am I telling you all this ? Because you can judge this alleged " comedy " by the effect it had not just on myself , but on this rowdy bunch . During the entire run of the film , not one person in the theater laughed . Not once . Not myself , not the boisterous kids . Absolute silence , aside from the soundtrack . And when the film was over and the lights came on , we all , all of us , slowly filed out of the theater in slow , somber , absolute silence . It could 've been a funeral . This was the effect that this " comedy " produced . Not laughter , not enjoyment , but absolute DEPRESSION . It was a depressing , depressing movie , and not the tiniest bit funny . Preachy , self-indulgent , depressing , but not funny . I consider Mel Brooks ' " Blazing Saddles " to be on the short list for Funniest Movie Ever . It still absolutely blows my mind that the same gentleman could be responsible for quite probably the Least Funny Movie Ever . In short : if you 're feeling too happy , give this movie a whirl ; otherwise , don 't say I didn 't warn you .
1	I finally saw this film tonight after renting it at Blockbuster ( VHS ) . I have to agree that it is wildly original . Yes , maybe the characters were not fully realized but it isn 't one of those movies . Rather , we are treated to the director 's eye , his vision of what the story is about . And it does not stop . And to be honest , I didn 't want it to . I do believe that Sabu had to have influenced the director 's of ' Lock , Stock & Two Smoking Barrels ' and ' Run , Lola , Run ' . But I absolutely loved the way the three leads SEE the beautiful woman on the street to distract them momentarily . I really need to see this director 's other work because this film really intrigued me . If you want insight , culture , sturm und drang , go somewhere else . If you want a laugh , camera movement and criminal hilarity , look here .
0	Early film directed by D.W. Griffith ; it features a gloriously happy King ( Arthur V. Johnson ) and his Queen ( Marion Leonard ) - but , wait ! When the King leaves the scene , his Queen makes music with the palace 's Minstrel ( Henry B. Walthall ) . When the King discovers the lovers , he decides to enact a horrific Edgar Allen Poe-type revenge . It 's difficult to believe the lovers can 't hear those plotting against them ; although the actors are trying to look alternately noisy ( the lovers ) and quiet ( the cement mixers ) . The sets make " The Sealed Room " look very staged . The performances are okay , and the story is easy to follow . * * * The Sealed Room ( 9 / 2 / 09 ) D.W. Griffith ~ Arthur V. Johnson , Henry B. Walthall , Marion Leonard
1	William Hurt may not be an American matinee idol anymore , but he still has pretty good taste in B-movie projects . Here , he plays a specialist in hazardous waste clean-ups with a tragic past tracking down a perennial loser on the run --played by former pretty-boy Weller-- who has been contaminated with a deadly poison . Current pretty-boy Hardy Kruger Jr --possibly more handsome than his dad-- is featured as Weller 's arrogant boss in a horrifying sequence at a chemical production plant which gets the story moving . Natasha McElhone is a slightly wacky government agent looking into the incident who provides inevitable & high-cheekboned love interest for hero Hurt . Michael Brandon pops up to play a slimy take-no-prisoners type whose comeuppance you can 't wait for . The Coca-Cola company wins the Product Placement award for 2000 as the soft drink is featured throughout the production , shot lovingly on location in a wintery picture-postcard Hungary .
1	I have watched this episode more often than any other TFTC episode , it is that enjoyable . And it is quite scary , but all in good , ghoulish fun . A woman kills her 2nd husband but runs into a problem when an escaped maniac in a ragged Santa Claus outfit decides to pay her and her little girl a visit at that very moment . Mary Traynor , who I seem to remember from SNL or some other TV comedy skit show , is the evil wife , and Larry Drake plays the lunatic in the dingy Santa outfit . I had forgotten Santa was played by Drake over the years . His Santa is an unstoppable force and quite frightening at times . You can probably guess how Santa finally gets into the house . The episode is played for laughs , but it also can be pretty intense at times .
0	When you 're making a thriller about witchcraft , I believe you should do everything you can to help the audience suspend its disbelief in order for the movie to work . Some pictures ( " Rosemary 's Baby " , for example ) have accomplished this ; others ( like " Necromancy " ) haven 't and the potentially scary material comes across as corny and goofy . This film does have some atmospheric moments , but about half the dialogue is hard to make out ( sometimes it 's poorly recorded , at other times just incomprehensible ) and Orson Welles , who gets top billing , has a role that is so BENEATH him that you have to assume he was desperate for the work . Or maybe he was simply having fun ... ( * 1 / 2 )
1	This is a movie that gets better each time I see it . There are so many nuanced performances in this . William Tracey , as Pepi , is a delight , bringing sharp comic relief . Joseph Schildkraut as Vadas , is the only " villian " in the movie , and his oily charms are well used here . Frank Morgan , is delightful as the owner of the title shop , Mr. Matuschek , and his familiar manner is well used here . I especially liked the performance of Felix Bressart , as Pirovitch . Very believable in every facet of his role . The two leads are equally accomplished , with Margaret Sullivan doing an outstanding job of portraying a slightly desperate , neurotic , yet charming and attractive woman . This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though . The movie is presented from his point of view , with the action rotating around him . Mr. Stewart is more then up to the task of carrying the movie , with an amazing performance that uses a wide range of emotions . Just watch Stewart , when he is fired from his job , because of a misunderstanding . He is able to convey the shock , anger , fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes , so perfectly . In my estimation , James Stewart is , without question , the greatest film actor in the history of the medium . There is no one else that has ever been captured on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience . At the time he made this movie , he still had most of his career ahead of him , yet he is completely the master of his craft . This is one of Jimmy Stewarts best movies , and also one of the sweetest , most enjoyable romantic comedies you will find . I greatly recommend this movie , especially for those that appreciate the work of Stewart .
0	I wouldn 't be so quick to look at all the good reviews and say this might be a good show .. This show is only good if you don 't know what " talent " is .. I won 't even say how offensive it is ( I know it can be offensive to a lot of people ) because thats not really what bothers me about the show .. What bothers me is that people watch this and think it 's funny .. It makes me feel like our generation is getting to stupid and I 'm actually scared that it will one day be run by people who watch this garbage .. Basically the plot is simple .. it 's about an offensive , self centered , spoiled women ( Sarah Silvermen ) getting through everyday life .. Thats it .. Like that hasn 't been done a million times .. In fact almost every joke either has been done or is racist .. Sarah also likes to sing .. I like her voice .. thats it .. not the lyrics .. The lyrics are dreadful .. which she likes to sing about a lot of things .. If you like to see a hot women put everyone else down and make them feel like crap while at the same time farting and saying crap about every race then this show is for you ..
0	Director Warren Beatty 's intention to turn Chester Gould 's famous comic strip into a live-action cartoon ( with Beatty himself cast in the lead as the square-jawed detective ) had sweet overtures of innocent nostalgia--quite unusual and intriguing coming from Warren Beatty . Unfortunately , the picture is requisite ham , fun for awhile but eventually tiring . Dick Tracy attempts to bring down mobster Big Boy Caprice , aided by loving Tess Trueheart but tripped up by evil Breathless Mahoney . For the first half-hour or so , the Oscar-winning art direction and set design are wonderful to absorb but , as the plot creaks along predictably ( with no real sting in the writing ) , things begin to congeal . Al Pacino got a surprise Supporting Oscar nomination as bad boy Caprice , and Madonna ( who is mostly used as a decorative prop ) gets to sing Stephen Sondheim 's " Sooner or Later ( I Always Get My Man ) " , which copped the award for Best Original Song . Lots of heart , thanks to Beatty--who was dedicated to his vision--but the picture is too cool and calculated . It lacks heat . * 1 / 2 from * * * *
1	One of the best of the Fred Astaire and Giner Rogers films . Great music by Irving Berlin . Solid support from Randolph Scott , Harriet Nelson , Lucille Ball , Betty Grable , Frank Jenks , and Astrid Allwyn . Terrific songs include " Let Yourself Go , " " Let 's Face the Music , " and " Putting All My Eggs in One Basket . " The last song is introduced by Astaire playing a jazzy piano and then a cute dance with Rogers . Rogers also sings " Let Yourself Go " with Grable among the backup singers . Harriet Nelson ( then Hilliard ) sings two nice songs and plays Rogers ' mousy sister . " Get Thee Behind Me " is a song that sticks with you for days . She also sings " But Where Are You ? " Snappy and fast paced , this entry in the Astaire-Rogers series is one of the better ones . The classic and amazing beautiful finale , " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " is among the best-known of their numbers . Rogers wears one of the great dresses in movie history ... a shimmering sequined number that swirls around her legs as she dances ( weighted hem ) and is also slightly see through . Just gorgeous . This is the number that Steve Martin and Bernadette Peters re-created in Pennies from Heaven . Randolph Scott seems an odd choice as Astaire 's pal but he also appeared in their Roberta with Irene Dunne . Luckily he does not attempt to sing or dance . It seems that Grable and Ball would have had bigger parts in 1936 but they have a few scenes and make little impact . Allwyn has the bigger role but is only OK . Rogers has one of her best solo numbers in the series with " Let Yourself Go " ... Jazzy and thumping , it 's a great song . Fun all the way , although I got tired of " We Joined the Navy " after the third time ....
0	Twist endings can be really cool in a movie . It 's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of our eyes , but we just don 't pay attention . Those type of twist endings are the one 's that make people think . Then we 've got twists like this film has . Twists that , whether or not you pay attention , you have no clue what 's going to happen . When they reveal this kind of random twist , instead of shock , it 's somewhat a dumbfounded reaction . This film starts off like it 's going to be an interesting take on horror , but after about 20 minutes , it 's nothing but boring dialogue and a stupid twist . Three young women are going to a concert , so they get lost traveling through the woods , and hit a tree trunk . They end up at some old creepy lady 's house , who hates men , and they are greeted by her homely daughter Marion ( Laurel Munson ) . Strange goings on happen as these girls stay at this house for several days instead of trying to leave or get home , and the suspense progresses into a dumb slasher . This film is too caught up in it 's dialogue , and it 's always between only a few characters . We have the main three girls , the creepy spinster and the old lady , and conversation of any importance does not go beyond these five . To make matters worse , they never have anything interesting to say . It 's actually quite maddening sitting through their conversations . We want to know what 's going on , and instead they just talk and talk and talk ( about nothing ) . Plot holes are abundant here . The house these girls stay at when they get in their car accident is apparently three miles from anywhere ... wow , three miles ! A two hour or less walk will kill them . Why didn 't they get a ride with the worker for this household who was driving into town ? Did he have a one seater ? How come these girls never question leaving and just willingly stay , rarely even checking up on each other ? Why did this have to have so many dumb twists ? Maybe the answers are in the boring script . Having a slasher film with five characters is really a bad idea . It 's not thrilling , it 's not scary , and the ending is definitely out there , but undoubtedly dumb . My rating : * 1 / 2 out of * * * * . 79 mins . R for nudity and violence .
1	The only thing serious about this movie is the humor . Well worth the rental price . I 'll bet you watch it twice . It 's obvious that Sutherland enjoyed his role .
1	Japan is in serious trouble . Demons have infested Edo , taking possession of earthly forms and bending them to their unholy will . On top of that , the rebirth of Ashura , Queen of the demons , is nigh . The only thing that stands against this grave threat are the Demon Wardens , a fearsome group of warriors , who might just be as bad as the demons themselves . Izumo is a retired Demon Warden , who five years ago , took up theater instead of Demon Slaying after accidentally killing a innocent child ( In a battle that 's strangely reminiscent of the bar scene from Dusk till Dawn ) . One night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named Tsubaki . Their fortunes intertwine ( literally ) and they are bound by fate to be lovers and enemies . If you think this sounds like your typical Japanese Fantasy / Swordplay epic , you 'd be wrong . In fact , there 's nothing typical about Ashura . It is a hodge-podge of many different genre 's of film . Those just mentioned , as well as a comedy , drama , and romance . Director Yojiro Takita ( Onmyoji ) juggles the genre 's fairly respectfully ( Although , the comedy seems forced in some scenes ) and the end result is a ridiculous , but really fun popcorn movie . To be sure , there are flaws in the film . Some of the humor seems contrived , and out of place . And the acting isn 't the greatest . But seriously , do you watch Fantasy / Swordplay / Comedy films for the great acting performances ? ? No , we watch them for the action and the crazy CG visuals , all of which Ashura has in Spades . Not to be misleading , the film is not all action , but it is spaced out generously enough with lots of swordplay and buckets of green blood to keep the average viewer happy . Bottom line ; the films has it 's faults and is not a martial arts epic , but it doesn 't try to be and it features interesting visuals and good swordplay action . The reason the film worked for me is that it never takes itself too seriously and if the viewer does the same , their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick . My Rating 7 out of 10 . Fun popcorn movie .
0	Take a SciFi Original Movie and mix in a little alternative / revisionist history , and you get " Aztec Rex . " Apparently Hernand Cortes , before conquering the Aztec empire , had to first conquer a Tyrannosaurus Rex and her mate . That 's the thrust of this movie . Given the plot it could have really sucked ; the fact that it only kind of sucked is a tip of the cap to the writers . There are a few problems . For starters , Cortes is played by Ian Ziering . Even with a black wig , Ziering as Cortes is about as convincing as Axl Rose playing Gandhi . And though Cortes conquers the indigenous peoples of Mexico , the Aztecs here seem to be played by an all-Hawaiian ensemble . Casting aside , the T-Rex ( es ) look reasonably good , though every time one of them gets shot it just oozed CGI . And they die too easily ; I suppose if a T-Rex were around in real life they probably could be felled or at least wounded by some rather rudimentary , 16th-century weaponry . But it takes something away from the movie . There are also some graphic T-Rex-swallowing-human scenes , which is surprising , but in this context I thought they worked OK . There 's plenty of action , and the whole colonization angle is prevalent throughout but doesn 't overwhelm the dinosaur angle , unlike the other recent SciFi Original dinosaur movie " Warbirds . " Overall , a mediocre ( but decent by SciFi Original standards ) movie that rates a modest 4 .
1	I won 't repeat all that has been said already by other viewers of this film . In my opinion this is an excellent film , not only as a very human tale of the developing relationship between a father and his grown-up son , but also as a little window onto the world of practising Islam , for those like me who are not very familiar with that religion . An important aspect of this story is that of the young man 's relation to his father 's beliefs and practices , and how his attitude towards the religion seems to alter in subtle ways as we progress on their journey with them . This is a very thought-provoking , enjoyable and well-made film that I would recommend to anyone with brain and heart .
1	Hidden Frontier has been talked about and reported on by several news agencies for their long commitment to creating the best Star Trek stories and to providing an example of the togetherness that was Gene Roddenberry 's mission . Their focus on homosexuality , depression , war , and acceptance of different races is on par or exceeds those of the other Trek series and movies . The production value started off as smaller and choppy but over the 7 seasons of production the acting has improved , the stories are more complex , and the visual graphics have gotten smoother and more impressive . In season 6 episode 1 , Countermeasures , there is one of the biggest space battles in Trek history . The ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting . The real draw to Frontier is not the ships or the backgrounds , but it is the people and the interplay and growth of characters . There are also nods to other Trek series and movies with places and characters we all know . I recommend any Trek fan to check out Countermeasures and you will be hooked !
0	Besides being boring , the scenes were oppressive and dark . The movie tried to portray some kind of moral , but fell flat with its message . What were the redeeming qualities ? ? On top of that , I don 't think it could make librarians look any more unglamorous than it did .
1	I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven . Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had " more important " things to do . Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too " girly . " Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it . Full House has made me laugh and cry . It 's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom . I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable . But look at the big picture : three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver . The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt . The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times . What 's any more real than that ? If anything the show has lifted me up when I 'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness . I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen . ( Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen . They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people . )
0	I cannot stay indifferent to Lars van Trier 's films . I consider ' Breaking the Waves ' nothing less than a masterpiece . I loved ' Dancer in the Night ' . I admired the idea in ' Dogville ' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical , less cinema . ' Europa ' which I see only now was a famous film at its time , succeeded in the US the relative success of an European film and got the Oscar for the best foreign language movie , but did not survive well the time in my opinion . It is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste . The story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer . Treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished , of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today , more such was novel and courageous two decades ago . Yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task . The film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of Hitchcock , especially his early films set in the pre-war Europe , with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark . The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism . Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of Germany after war , of its might , of its obsession with order and regulation , of punctuality and civility . The characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys . The principal character a young American of German origin coming to post-war Europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption , with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers , with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction , with love doubtfully mixed with treason . It is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case . The actions of the characters , especially of Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr seem confused , and lack credibility . The overall cinematography seems to be not Hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s . The usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative . It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means , but he is too demonstrative , he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is . He really is great , as he will show in some of his later films , but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone .
0	The original Lensman series of novels is a classic of the genre . It 's pure adventure SF with some substance ( here and there ) and I 've always wondered why Hollywood hasn 't filmed it verbatim because it 's just the kind of thing they love : massive explosions , super-weapons , uber-heroics , hero gets the girl , aliens ( great CGI potential ) , good versus evil in the purest form , etc etc . Instead ( and bear in mind I 'm a Japan-o-phile and anime lover ) we get this horrendous kiddies movie that rips the guts out of the story , mixes in Star-Wars ( ironic as the latter ripped off the books occasionally ) pastiches and dumbs the whole thing down to ' Thundercats ' level . To see Kimball Kinnison , the epitome of the Galactic Patrol officer and second stage Lensman portrayed as a small boy is pitiful ( etc ) . I just can 't understand why the makers did this because they obviously had the rights to the story and could have made far more money ( FAR ! ) by telling straight . It makes no sense .
0	I wish more movies were two hours long . On the other hand , I wish more American Civil War movies were MERELY two hours long . " Gone with the Wind " , " Gettysburg " - that 's about the length I 've come to expect ; although those two at least entertained for however many hours they lasted ; and even " Gettysburg " lasted as long as it did because things HAPPENED in the course of it . By contrast Ang Lee 's film is bloated and uneventful . It actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours . That wasn 't a compliment . It 's really no different to any other form of sensory deprivation : at the time it feels as though it will never end , afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all . The film gets off on the wrong foot , as Lee plays his interminable credits OVER the opening footage ( bad mistake ) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike to and will later come to loathe . The central two are Jake , the son of German immigrants who are staunch supporters of Lincoln , and Jack , an equally staunch Southerner whose values Jake shares . ( I had to re-read that sentence to make sure I hadn 't written " Jack " instead of " Jake " at some point or vice versa . ) The two go off to become " bushwhackers " - Southern militia who so strongly lust after revenge and violence that they can 't even be bothered to join the official Southern army , which I presume they think is for sissies . I 'm afraid Lee lost me right there . It 's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes : if we have some independent reason to like them , or feel as if we know them in some way , then their moral flaws can make us care for them all the more . Not so here . We aren 't properly introduced to Jake for at least an hour ; when we are , it becomes clear he 's a gormless pimple of a man , who isn 't a confederate by choice so much as by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does , whose psychology is purely immitative . The people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way . I found myself cheering whenever the Northern cavalry appeared on the screen . I thought : good - kill the rebels , end the damned war , let me go home . Aggravating this problem is the horrible , horrible dialogue . Everyone speaks in the same whining Southern accent . I 've heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of them all . I don 't care if Southerners really did talk like that , it 's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours . And believe me , we do listen to it for the full two hours : Lee 's picture is a talky one , largely because characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical , say-everything-three-times , folksy drawl . It would help if they talked faster , but not much . Can 't these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate ? In short : the film is little but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life , who talk in an offensively ugly mode of speech , who don 't bathe often enough , to whom nothing of interest happens , despite their being involved in a war . Good points ? Jewel was nice to look at , and so was the scenery . But I have complaints even here . The cinematography , nicely framed , looked as if someone had susbtituted colour film for black and white by mistake ; and as for Jewel , we were teased with her body , but never actually allowed to gaze upon it , which I think is the least we were owed .
0	I rated this a 3 . The dubbing was as bad as I have seen . The plot - yuck . I 'm not sure which ruined the movie more . Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist , but I 'll stick to Jackie Chan movies until somebody tells me Jet 's English is up to par .
0	" Fly Me To The Moon " has to be the worst animated film I 've seen in a LONG TIME . That 's saying something since I have taken my son to see every animated release for the last 4 years now . The story is to be generous ... trite . The voice acting is atrocious , Too cute sounding . The humor is of the Romper Room variety . The animation is passable for a Nickolodeon type of cartoon but this is being released on the big screen not cable television . It gets a 2 only because of it 's OK 3-D visuals . Some of the scenes had a mildly stimulating image but We 've seen much better in the past . I also question the insistence of the filmmakers to have characters fly away from the screen rather than into it in most of the scenes . While that is interesting at first it became tiresome after the 3rd or 4th time . It seemed to smack of indifference to me on the part of the creators . I will say this though , It had a pretty cool soundtrack . And for the record my son wasn 't too crazy about it either . Bad movie .
1	The 63 year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and popularly known historical reigns in British history . On the one hand , her story lacks the theatrics of earlier royals thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes , and on the other her story is one that perpetuates because it is notably human . Taking on the earlier years of her life where the budding romance between herself and the German Prince Albert was taking forefront , director Jean-Marc Valle who has only until recently remained in the unbeknownst shadows of the industry here takes Victoria 's story and captures that human element so vital to her legacy . It 's a story that feels extremely humble considering its exuberant background , and yet that 's partly what gives it a distinct edge here that separates it from the usual fare . Taking a very direct and focused approach that centres in on a brief five or so year period between her ascension and marriage to Albert , The Young Victoria does what so little period pieces of this nature offer . Instead of attempting a sprawling encapsulation of such a figure 's entire life , Valle instead opts to show one of the lesser known intricacies of Victoria 's early years which are easily overlooked in favour of the more publicly known accolades . The result is a feature that may disgruntle historians thanks to its relatively flippant regards to facts and the like , yet never to let document get in the way of extracting a compelling story , writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his guns and delivers a slightly romanticised yet convincing portrayal . Valle takes this and runs , making sure to fully capitalise on those elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in regards to both the history involved and the viewer watching . A major part in the joy of watching The Young Victoria play out however simply lies in the production values granted here that bring early 1800 's Regal Britain to life with a vigorous realism so rarely achieved quite so strikingly by genre films . Everything from the costume designs , sets , hair styles , lighting and photography accentuates the grandiose background inherent to Victoria 's story without ever over-encumbering it . Indeed , while watching Valle 's interpretation come to life here it is very hard not to be sucked in solely through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element ; and then there 's the film 's score also which works tremendously to further the very elegant yet personal tones that dominate Fellowes ' script . Entwining the works of Schubert and Strauss into Victoria and Albert 's story not only works as a point of reference for the characters to play with , but also melds to the work with an elegance and refrain that echoes composer Ilan Eshkeri 's original work just as well . Yet for all the poignant compositions , lush backdrops and immaculate costumes that punctuate every scene , the single most important factor hereand indeed to most period dramasare the performances of the cast and how they help bring the world they exist in to life . Thankfully The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate ensemble of thespians both young and old that do a fantastic job of doing just that . Between the sweet , budding romance of Victoria ( Emily Blunt ) and Albert ( Rupert Friend ) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisors and the like ( spearheaded by a terrific Mark Strong and Paul Bettany ) , the conflicts and warmth so prevalent to Fellowe 's screenplay are conveyed perfectly here by all involved which helps keep the movie from being a plastic " nice to look at but dim underneath " affair so common with these outings . In the end , it 's hard to fault a work such as The Young Victoria . It 's got a perfectly touching and human sense of affection within its perfectly paced romance , plus some historical significance that plays as an intriguing source of interest for those in the audience keen on such details . Of course , it may not take the cinematic world by storm and there lacks a certain significance to its overall presence that stops it from ever becoming more than just a poignantly restrained romantic period drama ; yet in a sense this is what makes it enjoyable . Valle never seems to be striving for grandeur , nor does he seem content at making a run-of-the-mill escapist piece for aficionados . Somewhere within this gray middle-ground lies The Young Victoria , sure to cater to genre fans and those a little more disillusioned by the usual productions ; beautiful , memorable but most of all , human . - A review by Jamie Robert Ward ( http : / / www.invocus.net )
0	This ' Movie ' has to be the biggest pile of steaming C * ^ p I have ever seen , What more can I say than BAD , BAD , BAD , BAD , BAD , BAD . There is NOTHING to save this ' movie ' and I pray that they NEVER even talk about making a sequel . If you are thinking about watching this then you should know that the storyline is that two garbage men get dragged into saving the earth . Movies like Men in Black has been torn to shreds and put back together to make this ' Comedy ' but have TOTALLY failed . Please avoid this movie , ( save yourself ) .
0	Unlike others , I refuse to call this pitiful excuse for a movie a triumph of style over substance ( I don 't want to give style a bad name ) . Still , it 's the most apt description that comes to mind . A pointless , unpleasant and ultimately meaningless assault on the eyes and ears , " Wonderland " leaves one wondering only why the film was made in the first place and who in their right mind gave the greenlight to this dreary and tangled mess . A biography of porn star John Holmes ? A study of who the man was , why he went into the business and how it affected him ? Great . Bound to be compelling , bound to be entertaining . Bound to be enlightening and fascinating on about a million levels ( and I have zero interest in porn ) . But a confusing , violent , Rashomon-style study of a series of murders Holmes was connected with after his career ended ? Who in hell cares ? What insights do we gain ? This film completely ignores the most interesting aspect of John Holmes 's life -- that he was a porno star ! " Wonderland " might as well have been about anyone : the fact that the main character is the most famous male adult film star in history is almost irrelevant . To make matters about a thousand times worse , the picture is loaded down with jerkoff gimmicks -- annoying machine gun editing , sloppy Dogme-95 camerawork , unnecessary split-screen graphics and animation , etc. etc . In the absence of a compelling story and unique main character , the director ( and I use the term loosely ) has thrown together a dozen or so techniques from other films and decided to call the resulting mess a movie , among these : the trendy , bleach-bypass look of " Narc " or " Traffic " or " Minority Report ; " the frantic , often incomprehensible , throw-the-pieces-of-film-in-the-air cutting style of " Natural Born Killers " or " 28 Days Later ; " the fill-every-moment-of-silence-with- an-old-song-to-evoke-the-period soundtrack of " Goodfellas " or " Blow ; " the groovy , retro title sequence of " Velvet Goldmine " or " Autofocus " or " Catch Me If You Can . " The list goes on and on and on . Pathetic . I wanted to like this movie . I had real hopes for it . " Wonderland Avenue " had been around for years ; had the context of the murders been emphasized rather than the murders themselves , I think it could have worked . Had the murders ( and Holmes 's growing involvement with seedy L.A. types ) signaled the end of a career , or the end of the swinging ' 70s , I think the film could have had meaning ; it could have served a purpose . As it is -- meaningless . Pointless . Who cares how many perspectives exist on a series of murders generally unknown by the public ? The case isn 't famous enough to merit such painstaking examination . This film should have been the third act of " The John Holmes Story . " That 's it . Period . And it could have worked . What 's that ? Oh , right , right , they didn 't want to tell a traditional rise-and-fall story . They didn 't want to make " Boogie Nights " or " Goodfellas " or " Star 80 " or " Autofocus . " They wanted their film to be different . Right ? Well , in one sense , they succeeded . There 's a big difference between those films and " Wonderland . " The difference is those films are good .
0	The book is fantastic , this film is not . There is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book . Hell , total recall was released a few years later and that did a good job of it , even a clockwork orange released in the 70s did a good job of trying to make a futuristic world . The bleak German expressionistic colours , the black and white footage from the vision screens , there is no reason for this approach for when the film was made in 1984 . The main character is in a white collar writing job yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage . This film decides to take a mock-communistic approach to set design , atmosphere and theme , yet the novel did not necessarily dictate a communist , worship-the-humble-worker theme itself . This book seriously needs to be adapted in a modern context as this book is more relevant today than ever before . I could not watch more than 20 minutes of this crap . The soundtrack is annoying , the lack of foresight is annoying , this film seems to have been made to deny a sense of realism or believability when that is exactly what is required to hammer the novel 's messages to the viewer .
0	For some reason , various young couples hiking through the Italian Alps split up to see who can reach their campsite designation first . James ( Gregory Lee Kenyon ) enters a cave , finds a skeleton of an ancient demonic gladiator and becomes possessed by the spirit of " Tyranus " when he puts on a helmet belonging to the corpse . He then spends the rest of the film running around in the woods hunting down his friends and hacking off their limbs to add to some stew to bring the undead " Demonicus " back to life . This shot-on-digital Full Moon release is stupid , senseless , has terrible acting and sound and the ( Los ) Angeles National Forest is a poor substitute for Italy . However , it 's pretty high on the unintentional laugh scale thanks mainly to the overwrought lead performance . Whether bug-eyed running around in cheap-looking armor brandishing a sword or spouting neurotic Latin gibberish about demons and resurrection , Kenyon 's ridiculous facial expressions and awkward line delivery must be seen to be believed . Oh well , at least he 's not boring like most of the rest of the cast .
1	The story-line of " The Thief of Bagdad " is complex , owing to its being told in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important strands woven together . The screenplay by Lajo Biros and the dialogue by Miles Malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points.The young King Ahmad of Bagdad is angry at his vizier Jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas . He discovers while in disguise that people blame him for Jaffar 's deeds and hate him . He is imprisoned by Jaffar , where he meets Abu the young thief . The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra . There the companions spy when men clear the way so none will see the Princess of the city passing by . Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden . He tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss . Then he is captured . When Jaffar comes to win the Princess of Basra for himself , Ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog . Jaffar then asks for the Princess 's hand , and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra . The blind Ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace , accompanied by Abu as his dog . The Prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her . So Jaffar sends his servant Halima for Ahmad and the dog , in hopes the prince can rouse her . He does awaken her . She boards a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad , but she is captured by Jaffar who then throws the dog overboard . She then allows Jaffar to take her in his arms , on his promise to restore Ahmad 's sight and turn Abu back into a thief . The princess sees a vision of Ahmad ; he is in a boat ; Jaffar sends a storm to beset him and Abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island . Abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent imprisoned in a bottle . Abu tricks him into proving he really came from so small a vessel , then corks him in again . For freeing him , he gets three wishes . His first is for sausages . In the meanwhile , the Princess pleads with her father to refuse Jaffar ; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy , one of whose six arms stabs him to death . Abu makes a second wish , to find Ahmad . The cunning genie flies him to the goddess of the All-Seeing eye . Abu has to climb a great web to get to the gem that is the eye , battling a giant spider , then scaling the goddess 's statue . Abu gazes into the ' eye ' and sees Ahmad in a canyon . He has the genie take him to Ahmad . Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess . She smells a flower and forgets everything at once . Abu wishes they were in Bagdad , but the genie laughs and leaves ; Jaffar tells the Princess that she is in love with him , omitting mention of Ahmad . Ahmad tries to fight his way to the Princess , but Jaffar smashes the ' eye ' . Abu finds himself in the " Land of Legend " , where the old men who rule want to make him their king . He steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead , to hurry to save Ahmad and the princess . The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner , using his bow from the flying carpet , to the wonder of the throng who had come to watch the execution . Jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse , but another shot from the bow finishes him . Ahmad is ruler again and plans to wed his Princess ; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier , the young thief refuses , saying that what he wants is adventure , not hard work and confinement in a palace however grand it may be . This fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer Alexander Korda . The production was designed by Vincent Korda who was also art director , while Georges Perinal did the colorful cinematography . The directors credited are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell , with Tim Whelan , Alexander Korda , William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda participating . The extraordinary and numerous costumes designs were the work of John Armstrong , Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes . The production , apart from its gorgeous and expensive-looking visual splendors , I claim is dominated by two other elements , the choral music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance by Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar . Rex Ingram plays the genie with a curious accent , plus his usual intelligence and power . June Duprez is lovely and effective as the Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima , and Miles Malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious Sultan . As Ahmad , John Justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some ; he is memorably good in his winning role . This film has a spaciousness about it that is found , I assert , in other Korda works also . Its imaginative content stands in contrast to very-strong realistic sets , costumes and set-design elements . This is one of the most memorable idea-level fantasies of all time , worthy to be enjoyed over and over .
1	Deliriously romantic comedy with intertwining subplots that mesh beautifully and actors who bounce lines off each other with precise comic timing , a feat that is beautiful to behold . When Cher 's spineless fianc asks her to help him make peace with his estranged , moody younger brother , no one could dream the consequences which follow . Operatic symbolism , Catholic church confessions , love bites and falling snow ... " Moonstruck " is timeless and smooth . It takes about 15 minutes for the picture 's rhythm to kick in ( there 's an early sequence with the grandfather and his dogs at the cemetery that 's a little rough , and a following scene with Cosmo and the elderly man at the gate that seems obtuse ) , but the patchwork of the plot is interwoven with nimble skill , and the movie 's wobbly tone and kooky spirit are both infectious . * * * 1 / 2 from * * * *
1	Having Just " Welcomed Home " my 23 YR old daughter from a year in Iraq , Camp Anaconda medical support unit , I felt compelled to get this DVD . I wanted to hear other returning vets feelings in order to attempt to better understand her mentality on arrival and not waiting until after something bad happened . Regardless on your take on the war and peace this movie serves as a great start for all Americans to begin the healing of our returning vets emotional void . The paramount statement of the entire movie is " Take Action " on the problem . Incredibly emotional movie . I would highly recommend this movie to the vet the vets entire mature family and ask that they follow through with a plan to listen comfort help the returning Gulf War Enduring Freedom vets . Fast forward nearly one year later & My daughter has seen this DVD . Took account of her emotions and actually has made a commitment to re-up for another 6 years . Her take on her time spent in the sand is that she did some good . Local Balad children got first rate medical treatment for various common ailments not ordinarily able to afford free with an escort and translator . Her look over her shoulder at her Iraq tour was . " We changed some hearts and minds back there " Great DVD you have to keep an open mind and see all sides
0	An innocent man ( Steve Guttenberg ) has a one-night stand with his boss 's wife ( Isabelle Huppert ) . She spots a woman ( Elizabeth McGovern ) being attacked outside but she can 't call the cops because it would blow her marriage to Gutenberg 's boss ( Paul Shenar ) . So Guttenberg , honest citizen that he is , when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later , comes forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack , merely intending to pass on the information given to him by Huppert . Well -- never bear false witness against thy neighbor , as they say . This simple attempt to help the police nab a murderer turns rapidly twisted . When he meets the first near-victim , McGovern , she immediately twigs to what happened , but agrees to keep quiet for the moment . But then Guttenberg finds himself in court , supposed to identify the heavy ( Greenquist ) and we discover through cross-examination that he is NEAR-SIGHTED and can 't identify objects at a distance , let alone faces . ( Not that it matters because , after all , he never saw the creep in the first place . ) The plot gets practically labyrinthine . Guttenberg winds up the chief suspect when Huppert is murdered too . He barely escapes arrest and holes up with the now-sympathetic McGovern . Guttenberg and McGovern hatch a plan to trap the murderer . She will serve as bait . They 'll follow the flagitious creep into one of his seedy haunt and McGovern will act like the doxy that the murderer is attracted to , just to get him to try to kill her . But everything will be okay , see , because not only will Guttenberg keep a close watch on her , and not only will he alert the police a few minutes after she enters this dive , but she will keep a can of mace handy -- just in case . I ask you , the alert viewer , does this scenario unfold as planned ? Elizabeth McGovern has a quirkily interesting bone structure . She seems all mandible and tiny mouth at times , but she 's vibrant . Steve Guttenberg has hair on his brawn and that 's about it . Otherwise he 's as helpless as the character he plays . If Isabelle Huppert can act , it isn 't evident in this film . The killer is so formed and so groomed that he looks like he 's wearing one of those masks of deformity in that Twilight Zone episode about greedy heirs . Didn 't the director , Curtis Hanson , go on to make " L.A. Confidential " ? That was a nicely done piece of work . Here , everything seems clumsy and contrived , down to the small bit parts . Just before the inevitable violent climax , a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay McGovern 's rescue , and the scene is embarrassing to watch . Dick Olsen has a bit part as a late shopper . He 's a neat guy and always reliable . Paul Shenar as the cuckolded hubby has a striking face that seems made for the stage and he does a fine job too . That louche joint where McGovern attracts the attention of the murderer , where she plays pool with a couple of hairy apes , was shot at a bar in Carolina Beach , in North Carolina , not far from where I lived . The way the interior is set up , it 's clear that this is supposed to be a dangerous and dirty dive . Actually it appears rather more elegant on screen than it did in reality . Overall , this is Hitchcock territory and it brings tears to the eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story .
1	Star Trek Hidden Frontier will surprise you in many ways . First , it 's a fan made series , available only on the web , and it features mainly friends & neighbors who have the computer programs and home video cameras and sewing machines to , as Mickey & Judy once put it , put on a show . It 's definitely friends & neighbors to , you can tell . A lot of these people aren 't the most beautiful looking folks you 've ever seen , or the youngest , or the thinnest some of them stumble through their lines like they 're walking on marbles some of them have thick accents , or simply don 't seem to speak well in the first place , whick makes it virtually impossible to understand a single solitary word that they 're saying . Still , you have to admit , for everything these friends & neighbors have put together , it 's actually fun to watch . Yes , some of the dialogue is hokey . Yes , it 's a little odd ( though admittedly a little cool too ) watching two Starfleet males kiss ( although some of the kissing scenes seem to go on and on . ) Yes , you cringe a bit when they clearly quote from ST : TOS , TNG , other shows and the movies , or when you hear the theme from Galaxy Quest played at the beginning and end of every show . Okay . We can get by that . Why ? The graphics are first rate . Better than almost anything you 've seen . And sometimes , a show or two really stands out story-wise some of them are actually real tear-jerkers . Hidden Frontier is a total guilty pleasure in every sense of the word but you have to give the people involved credit where credit is due . It takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude . People , sets , costumes , graphics it 's a huge effort on a lot of people 's parts . We watch , we return , and we thank them .
1	Time paradoxes are the devil 's snare for underemployed minds . They 're fun to consider in a ' what if ? ' sort of way . Film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including ' Star Trek : First Contact ' , the ' Back to the Future ' trilogy , ' Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure ' , ' Groundhog Day ' and the Stargate SG1 homage , ' Window of Opportunity ' . Heinlein 's ' All You Zombies ' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time . In the case of Terry Gilliam 's excellent film , ' 12 Monkeys ' , it 's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re-think our conception of the film . Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind . Some , seeing the film for the first time , will regard Cole , played by Bruce Willis , as a schizophrenic . Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as ' the continual wrenching of experience ' visited upon him by time travel . Unlike other time travel stories , ' 12 Monkeys ' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past . Cole tells his psychiatrist , Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) , that time cannot be changed , but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists AFTER he has been sent back to 1996 , in his own personal time-line . Even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time-line universe , in order to ensure that the time-line is not altered ... Cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realised . If that 's the case , time is like a fluid , it always finds its own level or path , irrespective of the external forces working on it . It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much . If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time , as we see on board the plane at the end of the film , then that means the future CAN be changed by manipulating past events ... or does it ? The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians . Bonus material on the DVD makes for very interesting viewing . Gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film in under budget , which is no particular surprise after the ' Munchausen ' debacle and in light of his later attempt to film ' Don Quixote ' . I would rate the ' making of ' documentary as one of the more interesting I 've seen . It certainly is no whitewash and accurately observes the difficulties and occasional conflict arising between the creative people involved . Gilliam 's description of the film as his " 7th " release , on account of the film being written by writers other than himself - and therefore , not really ' his ' film ' - doesn 't do the film itself justice . Brad Pitt 's portrayal of Goines is curiously engaging , although his character is not especially sympathetic . Watch for his slightly wall-eyed look in one of the scenes from the asylum . It 's disturbing and distracting . Probably a coincidence , the Louis Armstrong song ' What a Wonderful World ' was used at the end of both ' 12 Monkeys ' and the final episode of the TV series of ' The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ' . Both the film and the TV series also featured British actor Simon Jones . ' 12 Monkeys ' is a science fiction story that will entertain in the same way that the mental stimulation of a game of chess may entertain . It 's not a mindless recreation , that 's for sure .
0	I have to admit I 've caught this one a few times on the USA Network . There 's just something about the , well , sheer stupidity of this flick which makes me want to watch it whenever it 's on . Yes , you 're right about the sub-par acting , the plot which only an seven year old could like , etc . But I can 't help feeling sympathetic toward some of the actors . Then again , a few of these actors signed up for the even more atrocious sequel .
1	If you like plot turns , this is your movie . It is impossible at any moment to predict what will happen next . Nothing is as it appears or ends as you think it will . The characters are all gritty and engaging . Cage is at his best . Dennis Hopper again shows his delightfully sinister side . JT Walsh is perfect in his last performance . Laura Boyle sizzles . Dwight Yoakum makes a film debut superbly in a cameo . I categorize this movie as " I am having a really , really , really bad day " film . Not a slow minute in this film . A real sleeper . This movie is underrated and , sadly , overlooked .
1	This is one of Joan Crawford 's best Talkies . It was the first Gable-Crawford pairing , and made it evident to MGM and to audiences that they were a sizzling team , leading the studio to make seven more films with them as co-stars . The film convincingly depicts the downward slide of a brother and sister who , after their father loses everything in the stock market crash , must fend for themselves and work for a living . Life is hard in the Depression , and soon even their attempts at finding legitimate work prove futile , and they resort to underworld activity . Joan Crawford is excellent as the socialite-turned-moll . She 's smart , complex , and believable . She even tempers the theatrical stiffness of the other actors ' early Talkie acting style . Clark Gable is a diamond-in-the rough , masculine and gruff as the no-nonsense gangster who becomes involved with Crawford 's character . The same year he would play a similar and even more successful role opposite Norma Shearer in " A Free Soul " , securing his position as top male sex symbol at MGM . If you like Crawford in this type of role , don 't miss " Paid " , which she did a year earlier , which is also among her best early Talkie performances .
0	... however I am not one of them . Caro Diario at least was watchable for two thirds of the time , but the boring and self-centred third section of that movie gave us a taste of what was to come in this extraordinarily self-indulgent mess . Moretti says he feels a need to make this movie , but doesn 't want to , whereas the viewer feels that he should stick with it , but really doesn 't want to either . A film about Italian politics and elections could be fascinating , but this is not that film . At one point , Moretti and his friends are standing outside the Communist Party headquarters , discussing the interviews they are preparing to conduct with Party leaders inside , but it 's characteristic of this film that we never get to see anything of them . Interposed with Moretti 's political ravings are the events leading up to the birth of his son , and subsequent home movie shots of him with the baby and later the infant Pietro ( the film drags us through several years and more than one election period ) . We keep expecting to see some definitive sequence or cogent argument , but they never come . I for one doubt that I could have the patience to ever sit through a Nanni Moretti movie again . He succeeds in making an hour and twenty minutes seem like an eternity .
1	I am not going to lie . Despite looking interesting , I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I had heard ( and it was fairly obvious just by looking at a synopsis or anything about the film ) , that Gretchen Mol got naked in it . I have never been a fan of Mol , but I cannot resist seeing an attractive woman taking off her clothes . Yes , that may be perverted , but its a theme and ideal central to the very core of the movie , and helps to make the film a lot stronger than it probably should be . The film chronicles Bettie Page 's ( Mol ) life from her physical and sexually abused days as a kid in high school in the South , and onto her new life in New York . She wants to be an actress , but she has to pay bills too . After taking a few seemingly innocent shots on a local beach , Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation , and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin-up photographs . I feel the briefness of the film ( just over ninety minutes ) is both a curse and blessing for it . On one hand , the film never overstays its welcome . You get to know Page within a few short minutes , and then it gets right into her modeling career and does not look back . But it curses the film as well , because we never really get a chance to grasp everything that is going on . She just kind of jumps around between modeling shoots and the controversies that they create before jumping right into the major senate investigation that takes up much of the final act of the film . You just sit there , and attempt to absorb it all , and more just comes right at you . It feels like the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in too short a film . It begs for longer sequences , and begs more for even longer explanations . It does not feel rushed ; it just does not feel all there . Another bit of a fumble , although a bit more of a curiosity , is the use of colour throughout the film . The majority is in black and white , but frequently , splashes and sequences of colour do emerge . But while this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early on , it becomes a bit of a distraction as it continually pops up later on before cutting back to black and white . It gets confusing , and becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else as the film goes on . While it may fumble a bit with the actions , the film stays dead-on with its themes . Page , who I know little to nothing about , is played off innocently , and her world is exactly the same . Save for a few shady characters during her teenage years , everyone she encounters is an innocent , and everything she does has an innocence to it . I never thought I would look at full frontal nudity as being something that was anything other than vulgar and depraved , but here , it truly is something to marvel at . All at once , it is beautiful and innocent . Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film ( albeit tame compared to today 's standards ) have an innocent and angelic feeling to them . There is just something about the way Mol 's nude body is portrayed that it just strikes at such a different chord than nude bodies in other films . It just feels so natural and so wondrous , that if there were any reason to watch the film , it would be to see the spectacular depictions of Mol 's body as she plays Bettie Page . The other reason is Mol herself . As Page , she exemplifies that 1950 's Southern belle everyone knows ( or can at least imagine ) . Despite her profession , she is still a normal person , and still looks at herself as being religious . Mol plays her exactly to the right amount of squeaky-cleanliness needed to make this character feel authentically from the 1950 's . She plays her with such matter-of-factness that you would be hard-set not to think that Mol was actually Bettie Page herself . Unfortunately , the supporting cast have very little moments to shine , and are totally overshadowed by Mol 's wonderful performance . None of them do anything particularly pleasing , and none of them really have that same strength in their role as Mol does . This is not really the fault of the actors , but more of the fact that they do not have much to work with . Many of them are totally recognizable , such as Oscar-nominee David Strathairn ( in a role a little too close to one of his better performances ) , Sarah Paulson ( recent Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip ) , and character actor Lili Taylor , but you would be hard set to really place their performance in being anything other than okay . None of these characters are really developed , and they really just stand as character cut-outs who Mol runs loops around as she picks up steam in her brilliant performance . Really , this film is worthwhile for its portrayal of nudity , and for Gretchen Mol 's excellent performance of Bettie Page . Everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward than it should be . Had more work been done to develop supporting characters and not just blast right through the story , this film would have been a much better biographical film . As it stands , it is just a vehicle for Mol to really rise into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress . 7 / 10 .
0	I saw this film under the title of " Tied Up " . In general I have enjoyed Dolph 's movies , so gave this one a try . It wasn 't worth it . I have read some of the previous comments about the box enticing viewers . Don 't be fooled . This is a poor film at best . The acting is nonexistent . The plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable . The movie in places seems to be chopped together . This one just plain stinks the place up . Not even worth the price of a cheap night rental . As a bit of a Dolph fan , I kept waiting to see him in action . By the end of the movie , you will still be waiting . Best to avoid this film , and spend your time watching almost anything else .
0	How did this become a blockbuster ? Dear God I don 't know where to start why this movie sucked too much . The movie was predictable & there was no originality . The only thing I can admire is the acting of some characters . The movie was too bright , they should have done something with the lighting , eg. making the environment more darker . The make up on certain dead characters made this movie look like a 1970 horror flick . This is 2006 ! People don 't get scared by other people wearing heavy make up . Most of the horror scenes we 're taken from other Hollywood or Asian horror movies . Total rip off ! This is why I don 't watch tagalog movies . The only reason why so many people " screamed " while watching this movie is because of conformity . How many times do we have to copy scenes from The Ring and improvise it that instead of the girl coming out of the TV , its now coming from the window next door ? No matter how you put it , ITS STILL A RIP OFF . If you want a good horror movie , go watch the 50 best horror movie listed on this website .
0	Oh dear lord . This movie ... It was horrible . I am a HUGE fan of horror movies . And most of the time , horror movies other people say are bad , I like . The actor who played ' Scarecrow ' was amazing , I will say that . But this plot was awful . It made no sense ! It had way too much gore , and an unnecessary ( and revolting ) sex scene at the beginning . I do believe the director was trying to be ' shocking ' or whatnot , but it just came out awful . To add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot , the actors ( besides ' scarecrow ' ) we 're awful , and I cared so little about them that I soon forgot who was who . In conclusion , this movie made me sick . If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway , please do .
0	It 's very sad that Lucian Pintilie does not stop making movies . They get worse every time . Niki and Flo ( 2003 ) is a depressing stab at the camera . It 's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in Romania , the worst of them get to be sent abroad ( e.g. Chicago International Film Festival ) . This movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money . Score : 0.02 out of 10 .
1	Rock ' n ' Roll High School was one of the best movies ever made ! I think the only reason it was so awesome was because of The Ramones ! You couldn 't have made the same movie and put something like the Sex Pistols , or The Clash in place of The Ramones , it just wouldn 't have been the same. dey young , clint howard , Vincent Van Patten , Mary Woronov , Paul Bartel , and the hall monters , just added to the movie . The whole entire movie is about The Ramones ... especially Joey ! So everybody showed see Rock ' n ' Roll High School if your a huge fan of real PUNK . Not the sissy new crap ... but the loud , and fast kind . The kind only The Ramones could do . R.I.P ( Rest In Peace ) Joey Ramone 1951-2001 . Dee Dee Ramone 1952-2002 !
0	This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I saw it at the premiere at SXSW and was extremely disappointed . The director knew little about John Lennon and even said as much at the premiere . This is a drama , but people were laughing throughout at how cheesy the film was . That 's never a good sign . The only saving graces were Dominic Monaghan and Jason Leonard as Livien 's roommates / bandmates . They were funny while the rest of the movie took itself waaay too seriously . The cheesy dropping of Beatles lyrics was just absurd . The soundtrack was excellent , however , and was probably the best part of the movie . Unless you 're one of those crazy , rabid Dominic Monaghan fans , don 't bother with this one .
1	Make the World go away . Get it off my shoulder . Say the things you used to say , and make the World go away . Well , Dave ( David Hewlett ) and Andrew ( Andrew Miller ) were in a pickle , one for embezzlement , and the other for kissing a child . Neither was guilty , but faced with charges and their house about to be torn down , they ended up in , well , nothing . The whole World , except for their house went away . It is kind of weird , but funny , too . Just what would you do if you were all alone in the world ? The two friends just enjoy each other 's company , and do what they want . But , that gets old fast , it seems . Then they start to improve their live by hating away memories . The sound effects during this were great . Things really got weird at the end . This film was the product of a great imagination , and written and directed by Vincenzo Natali , with help from the two stars . It just has to be seen .
1	For me , this is one of the best movies i ever saw.Overcoming racism , struggling through life and proving himself he isn 't just an ordinary " cookie " , Carl Brashear is an amazing character to play , who puts Cuba in his best light , best performance in his life.De Niro , who is a living legend gives THAT SOMETHING to the movie.Hated his character in movie , but he gives so much good acting to this film , great performance.And appearance of beautiful Charlize was and as always is a big plus for every movie . So if you haven 't seen this movie i highly recommended for those who love bravery , greatness who seek inspiration.You must look this great drama . My Vote 9 / 10 .
0	The problem I find with this title is that I am not sure if the director is trying to produce a documentary or movie . A blend of the two genres just doesn 't work and that leaves the whole thing hung in the middle of nowhere . This is more so as the director has picked the most extremes of what is supposed to be happening around our everyday life making it an unconvincing documentary . If it is meant to be a thriller / drama this is too dull and monotonous . In either case , what is the moral or the message which the director is trying to convey to the audience ? That around us there are people who ill-treat others who are willing to be ill-treated ? That there are many crazy lunatics around us ? So ... so what ?
1	Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in " All the brothers were valiant " . Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly . However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest . The film is perfectly made , with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given . The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is , to my way of thinking a major film , unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti .
1	Wow , this film had a huge impact on me , it moved me , . It is an amazing story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade . I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly . The setting of the film is realistic , The film was an eye opener , I can not imagine anyone walking away from it with out wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists . The content of the film was very very moving . It was one of the best films that I have seen this year . The girl who plays Holly does a fantastic job with her character . Ron Livinston gives a fantastic performance . The film moved me to tears , It tells an important message that needs to be heard worldwide . Everyone should go see this film . I think this film will make a difference , I loved it !
0	Last week , I took a look at the weekly Nielsen ratings , and there was Veronica Mars , supposedly " the best show you 're not watching " . Well , they 're right that you 're not watching it . It aired twice and was ranked 147 and 145 out of 147 . Translation : this is the lowest-rated show on any nationally broadcast network ... and deservedly so . I tried to watch it a couple of times because of all the press coverage hyping it as a " great " show , a " realistic look " at life and all such nonsense . The reality was otherwise . Veronica Mars is a bore . It 's as unrealistic as it gets , and it richly deserves to be canceled . The only Mystery is why CW felt compelled to put on its inaugural schedule the lowest-rated show in memory , after two years of continued commercial and artistic failure .
0	1st watched 12 / 7 / 2002 - 3 out of 10 ( Dir-Steve Purcell ) : Typical Mary Kate & Ashley fare with a few more kisses . It looks to me like the girls are getting pretty tired of this stuff and it will be interesting what happens to them if they ever decide to split up and go there own ways . In this episode of their adventures they are interns in Rome for a `fashion ' designer who puts them right into the mailroom to learn what working hard is all about ( I guess .. ) . Besides the typical flirtations with boys there is nothing much else except the Rome scenario until about way into the movie when it 's finally revealed why they are getting fired , then re-hired , then fired again , then re-hired again . This is definetly made by people who don 't understand the corporate world and it shows in their interpretation of it . Maybe the real world will be their next adventure ( if there is one . ) . Even my kids didn 't seem to care for this boring `adventure ' in the make-believe . Let 's see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults . We 'll see what happens then .
1	What makes for Best Picture material ? The Oscars have come in for a lot of stick for rewarding overblown spectacles that have aged poorly , and ignoring the " auteurs " who would be deified in decades to come . It wasn 't because Hollywood was against art or creativity . The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself , and that is why , at least in the classic era , they tended to reward the greatest collaborations , the most sensational meetings of creative minds . The Arthur Freed unit at MGM had been bound for Oscar-winning glory for several years by this point ; it was only a matter of time before Freed , aided by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some the finest musical stars in the business , would land a Best Picture . Freed had arguably done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else , crafting pictures which wove story and song together without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30s musicals . The point about Freed musicals , is that the lyrics of the songs , unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner , don 't have to tell or even relate to the stories . What 's important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film . An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals ( the other two being Singin ' in the Rain and The Band Wagon ) which took existing classic numbers out of their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story . The words don 't fit the plot , but the routines fit the show . So , when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm , he hasn 't even got a girl yet , but the way it 's done with the French kids joining in is a great bit of characterisation , and the upbeat tune and dance gives the movie the little lift it needs at this point . An American in Paris also uses the rule-breaking allowed in the genre to add little unconventional flights of fancy to tell the story , such as the series of dances which accompany the description of Leslie Caron 's character . And what better director for this project than Minnelli , himself a painter and a pianist ? At this time there wasn 't really anyone who had a better feel for Technicolor . While some directors would saturate each scene in one colour or fill the screen with clashing shades , Minnelli 's colour schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced . In the opening scenes the tones are fairly muted , but not drab , and in particular there is an absence of red . During Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary 's meeting in the caf , a few more vibrant shades are introduced . Then , during the first musical number , " By Strauss " Minnelli gradually brings in splashes of red a table cloth , a bunch of roses until it eventually dominates , as if the song has awoken the picture 's colour scheme . For most of the songs , the colours are choreographed as intricately as the people . However , in some numbers , such as " Tra-la-la " he keeps the shades the same and instead opens out the space as the song swells up and the characters become more animated . The Achilles ' heel of An American in Paris is its story . I personally find the romantic angle particularly unpalatable , playing as it does like a last hurrah for the misogynistic love stories that reigned supreme in the 30s ; the headstrong , independent woman gets rejected while the meek , delicate girl is harassed into loving the hero . Even if you don 't mind that , it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances . Compare this to Singin ' in the Rain , which doesn 't really have as many great routines or memorable set-pieces as An American in Paris , but it has a winning storyline . Singin ' in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars , yet it is regarded as a classic of the genre today . But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment , not just a means of telling a story . An American in Paris is not deep or engaging or tear-jerking but , like a certain DeMille picture that won the top award the following year , it certainly is a great show .
0	All I can really say is that I 'm glad that I was knitting socks while watching the movie , or I would be very angry for having wasted 2 hours of my life . The acting was terrible , the plot was even worse . There were some scenes that were meant to be serious that had my husband and I laughing out loud . I highly recommend this movie to people who like to do their own version of MST3K .
0	Right up until the end the bad guys have the upper-hand - always - which kind of put into question the competence of the good guys . A couple of innocent-man-accused-of-a-crime plots are irritating . Some unnecessary dialogue in which various dull legal issues get debated . This is just a mediocre dumb old western , so what 's this nonsense about trying to keep things " realistic " ? Cagney 's atypical presence in a western is one of the few - if not the only - entertaining thing about the movie . Somewhere around the middle there is a ridiculously-timed marriage proposal ; sort of like " Where is the Kid hiding ? ? ! ! Where is he ? ! ... Oh , and by the way , will you marry me ? "
0	This is absurd - aside from the fellow Australian who has reviewed this flick , I can 't help but think that everyone else who has submitted a review so far was some way involved in the production of Elektra , considering how generous they were with their praise . Admittedly I 'm not really a fan of comic-book-to-movie conversions so I didn 't go in with many expectations , yet still I found Elektra to be incredibly underwhelming . The thing that irked me the most was the fact that there was SO MUCH in this film which went by unexplained , that left you thinking " huh , what relevance does that have to the plot ? " or " so how did that aspect of the character come about ? " I can only hope that these are things which are perhaps explained somewhat in Daredevil , which I have no intention of seeing . Furthermore , the behaviour of the characters in this film appear to do an about-face at random moments to suit the storyline , and don 't even get me started about the utterly pointless romantic sub-plot . I 'm also ( still ) scratching my head over the fate of Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa 's character , which seems to have gone by unexplained . If I can give kudos to this movie for anything it would have to be the fantastic locations in which it was shot , but otherwise I gained little enjoyment from Elektra . I know we 're supposed to suspend our disbelief for fantasy / action films , but almost everything in this film was so improbable or confusing ( even by action film standards ) that it simply frustrated me . Well , hell , at least Jennifer Garner looks damn good .
1	I was young film student in 1979 when the Union of the Soviet Filmmakers came to Sofia Bulgaria and premiered Konchalovsky 's " Siberiade " ; Tarkosvky 's " Stalker " and Danelia 'a " Autumn marathon " . I was stunned by the cosmopolitan dimension of the art form . Then and only then , I saw " Siberiade " 4 and 1 / 2 hours epic and was speechless . Way better then Bertolucci 's " 1900 " . By far ! Hope Andron will somehow get to the negative and make " director 's restored version full lenght " someday ! On DVD of course ! Also I fiercely fought in defense of this Cinema against most of my colleagues who were equating Soviet film with bad taste ! Time is on my side .
1	My favourite police series of all time turns to a TV-film . Does it work ? Yes . Gee runs for mayor and gets shot . The Homicide " hall of fame " turns up . Pembleton and nearly all of the cops who ever played in this series . A lot of flashbacks helps you who hasnt seen the TV-series but it amuses the fans too . The last five minutes solves another murder and at the very end even two of the dead cops turn up . And a short appearance from my favourite coroner Juliana Cox . This is a good film .
1	" They were always trying to get me killed , " Alec Guinness once wrote of The Man In the White Suit 's technicians . " They thought actors got in the way of things . " He went on to describe how he 'd been given a wire rope to climb down and , assured it was safe , narrowly avoided serious injury when it suddenly snapped mid-descent . " People get in the way of things " might be a maxim tailor-made for White Suit inventor Sidney Stratton ( fittingly played blank slate-fashion by Alec Guinness ) in Alexander Mackendrick 's definitive Ealing film of 1951 . Certainly , he cares only about his work , its realisation - and sod the consequences . And similarly , with the exception of a couple of peripheral characters , there 's almost nobody to root for in this chilly satire on capital and labour . Told in flashback , the film concerns Stratton 's invention of a dirt-resistant , everlasting fibre ( fashioned into the white suit of the title ) , and subsequent attempts by the clothing industry and its unions to suppress it . While the industry fears the bottom will drop out of the market , the shop floor stewards worry about finding themselves out of a job . Abduction and bribery attempts follow , with both money and an industry chief 's daughter on offer ( Daphne , the delectable , 4-packs-a-day-voiced Joan Greenwood ) , to the tragi-comic end . " What 's to become of my bit of washing when there 's no washing to do ? " bemoans Stratton 's landlady near the close . A notion Stratton hadn 't even considered - and has disregarded again by the movie 's ambiguous coda . A superior , if decidedly downbeat comedy , expertly performed - and pretty much answering the oft-raised question of whatever happened to the everlasting light bulb and the car that ran on water ...
1	I watched this film a few times in the 90 's and nearly split my sides laughing each time . I love Eddie Murphy as an actor , but this stand up is some thing else . He is SO funny . Even the P.C. brigade would find this hilarious . It 's a must watch , and even better if you 've got the guys or girls in for a drink . The take off of Michael Jackson is so like him , if you close your eyes you believe it 's him singing . The things he describes are true to life and you would seriously have to have a humour bypass if you thought this was not funny . My local video stores do not stock this video any more but I would love to get my hands on a copy to show my husband and boys when they are old enough to appreciate the humour . Anyway , highly recommended , hope you enjoy .
0	Here 's a movie with a good cast and nice looking location work but it just don 't have it . Director Richard Brooks must have been a little bit tired at this stage of the game ; How much better his THE PROFESSIONALS was ! The horses and the rest of the action seemed to be in slow motion even during the non-slow motion scenes . This film needed to be sped-up , if anything . That horse lather sure looked awful phony to me and the obvious tire tracks in those desert tracking moments- just lazy. sloppy work . Too bad . The actors did OK , but I 've certainly seen all of them do better . Ben Johnson 's always a joy , though . I first saw this flick almost 30 years ago ; was disappointed then and remained so upon second viewing 30 years later .
1	There 's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode . From the very beginning , an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours . Kirk , Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants , all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown , except for an elderly librarian . The librarian 's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet 's past . Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England , while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate , frozen waste . The intercutting between the two stories , and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled , with return to the present an unknown chance , while the minutes are counting down to the planet 's explosion . Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode , with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age , and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian . Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever , this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series , which concluded one episode later . This has to be one of the best of the whole series , especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall .
0	One of my sisters friends lent me this game , and it is too damn hard ! It carries the appearance of a kids game , but you have to learn how to do tons of intricate moves that require you to twist and turn your hands into all sorts of awkward positions , and you have to search seemingly endless levels for 100 notes , to improve your ' score ' ! You also have to find these impossibly hidden jigsaw puzzle pieces , that require you to do almost impossible tasks to get them ! AND I AM ONLY UP TO STAGE THREE ! ! ! ! ! Maybe if you have no life nad can stay home all the time you might get some enjoyment out of this , but otherwise keep away ! AND IT IS DEFINATELY NOT RECOMMENDED FOR KIDS - THEY WILL PULL THEIR HAIR OUT WITHIN THE HOUR !
0	I have a nice collection on movies going , and this one was added to it . Number 274 to be exact . The title had me going at first . Splatter University . I thought this would be a great horror movie . Was I ever wrong . Don 't get me wrong , this is not the worst movie I have ever seen , but it could have been a lot better . I love all movies , but this one was one that was more of a laugh then a scare . Poor audio quality , poor acting , and poor shot arrangements are some of the areas that could have been improved . 3 out of 10 stars . Movie is ideal for a good laugh . If your looking for one of those movies to make fun of , then this is one !
0	During the cheap filmed in video beginning of Crazy Fat Ethel II , I wondered if it was the same film that was on the cover . Unfortunately , it was . The story itself is mindlessly simple . Ethel , a homicidal maniac with an eating disorder , is released into a halfway house because of hospital overcrowding . She is by far the most sane resident watching while one man puts dead flies into another 's soup . Ethel is then teased by one of the halfway house employees with a chocolate bar after he hits on the cost cutting measure of feeding the residents dog food . Ethel retaliates by strangling him with a wire noose on the stairs and then ... well , you get the idea . If this all sounds like fun , it isn 't . This film was poorly made with cheap effects and even worse acting . The characters are so wooden when delivering their lines that they should be standing out in front of a cigar store . To make matters worse , half of the film consists of flashbacks to the first Ethel movie , Criminally Insane , which is little better . A VERY poor effort .
0	This was yet another big screen outing for a US TV show from the sixties It is amusing enough but was very much to formula . Intelligent Martian lands on Earth and meets the not too bright humans , in his view . The usual wackiness ensues with the human , Bridges , eventually bonds with him and helps him to get home . Along the way he also gets the girl , Hannah . This is a nice outing for some pleasant Hollywood stars who I had not seen for a while . Pleasant enough to pass some spare time if you have not got anything better to view .
1	What 's inexplicable ? Firstly , the hatred towards this movie . It may not be the greatest movie of all time , but gimme a break , it got 11 oscars for a reason , it made EIGHTEEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for a reason . It 's a damn good movie . Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it . I have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters . I 've rewatched it on TV and video , and it had none of the impact it had when I saw it on the big screen ( twice , or maybe three times , actually ) . But that might be it , the appeal of it . It 's a Movie , yes , capital M there , it 's an Epic , it 's a spectacle in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur . Now , Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem kinda hokey to me , with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama . Not that Titanic has none of that . Well , the acting was actually very good . The melodrama was quite heavy-handed at times . But the reason Titanic works is that it 's such an emotional ride . I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind , or give me a visual thrill . This movie isn 't exactly dumb , but it 's not cerebral at all . The visual thrills are simply means to an end , to fuel the emotions of the audience . I didn 't cry when Bambi 's mom died , I don 't react to tearjerkers . But this is a tearjerker to the power of ten million , an emotional rollercoaster that , if it were a regular one , would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl . And I 'm sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it , and have a ready supply of cynicism , then you can thoroughly dislike this movie . But if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit , if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt , you 'll enjoy it completely . And look at the top ten grossing films of all time . Is a single one of them bad ? Is a single one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10 ? No , not even The Phantom Menace . And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide . It can 't be bad . Not possible . 10 / 10. p.s. how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman ? spiderman was a fun movie , but it was a total 9 / 11 kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as it did. it simply wasn 't anything all that special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but i 'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered .
0	This movie was recently released on DVD in the US and I finally got the chance to see this hard-to-find gem . It even came with original theatrical previews of other Italian horror classics like " SPASMO " and " BEYOND THE DARKNESS " . Unfortunately , the previews were the best thing about this movie . " ZOMBI 3 " in a bizarre way is actually linked to the infamous Lucio Fulci " ZOMBIE " franchise which began in 1979 . Similarly compared to " ZOMBIE " , " ZOMBI 3 " consists of a threadbare plot and a handful of extremely bad actors that keeps this ' horror ' trash barely afloat . The gore is nearly non-existent ( unless one is frightened of people running around with green moss on their faces ) and the English dubbing is a notch below embarrassing . The plot this time around involves some sort of covert military operation with a bunch of inept scientists ( ie. an idiotic male and his stupid female side-kick ) who are developing some sort of chemical called " Death One " that is supposed to re-animate the dead . Unless my ears need to be checked , I don 't even recall a REASON for the research of " Death One " . It seems to EXIST only to wreak havoc upon the poor souls who made the mistake of choosing to ' star ' in this cinematic laugh-fest . Anyway , " Death One " is experimented on a corpse ( whom I swear looked like Yul Brynner ) , and after it is injected into his system , he sits upright and his head explodes ! The sound effects are also quite hilarious - as the corpse 's face bubbles with green slime , the sound of ' paper crumpling ' can be heard . The " Death One " toxin is transported outside and is ' hi-jacked ' by a group of thieves where one makes off with it , but infects himself after cutting himself on an exposed vial . Needless to say , the guy turns into a zombie , but not before he makes his timely escape to a cheap motel , infects a lowly porter and murders a maid by pushing her face into a bathroom mirror ( ! ) . The military catch wind of this and immediately take action before ' eliminating ' everyone who is unlucky enough to be within the ' contamination zone ' and turn the motel upside down . They find the infected thief and burn his body , only to have the smoke infect a flock of birds that are flying over the chimney stack ( ! ) . We cut to the introduction of a group of men who are on leave from the army , listening to ' groovy music ' that is coming out of a little dinky boom-box while trailing a trailer-load of slutty girls who are leaning out of the windows and showing off their chests . Can someone say " zombie food " ? We also have a sub-plot involving a girl and her boyfriend driving a car who stop to inspect a group of birds lying on the road ... the same birds that were infected by the ' zombie ' smoke ! The birds attack the boyfriend and the girl drives off to a deserted gas station to seek water . This is one of the most incredibly hilarious moments of the movie . She walks around this old dirty , rusty and obviously abandoned building where she continues to ask aloud , " HELLO ? IS THERE ANYONE HERE ? PLEASE , I JUST NEED SOME WATER ! " She encounters a group of zombies , one of which is chained to a wall ( ! ) and the other is swinging a machete . After a bit of rumbling and tumbling around on the ground , she escapes but not before blowing up the gas station with her lighter . Meanwhile , the birds attack the trailer-load of whores and one girl gets pecked and infected . They all pull up to the same motel where the original infection took place , and this is where the second most hilarious moment of the film takes place . After a matter of hours ( a day at the most ) , the same motel is now caked in dust , has vines growing throughout it , and looks like it has been sitting derelict for years . Anyway , what better place to take refuge than this particular building ? Needless to say , the group begins to break down as several people walk off together to get themselves stuck in an incredibly stupid situation involving a zombie attack . The third most hilarious moment concerns a man and a woman who explore a deserted village , of which the woman comments , " THIS PLACE IS A DUMP ! " She then proceeds to get ' pushed ' off a balcony by a zombie into pirahna ( ? ) infested water where she has her legs bitten off and turns into a zombie within seconds ! Meanwhile , her friend back at the motel who got pecked and infected HOURS earlier is still TURNING into a zombie ! Unfortunately , there are just too many inconsistencies in this movie that makes this movie just too stupid for words . For example , the time rate concerning infected people being ' zombified ' differs greatly . Sometimes it takes seconds , other times it takes hours . Some zombies run , others drag their feet and walk really slow . Some even do kung-fu moves , while others hide under stacks of hay to surprise people . Some of the zombies even talk ! The funniest moment of course is the infamous ' zombie head in the fridge ' gag which ' elevates ' itself in mid-air and ' attacks ' a stupid man who goes looking for food . Funnily enough , his girlfriend gets her throat torn out by it 's ' headless ' counter-part ( LMAO ! ) . The biggest disappointment for me though was the lack of story-lines involving the people who are in fact killed by zombies . We never get to see them come back as zombies , in fact the only ones we do see ' zombified ' are the ones pecked by the birds and the one girl who gets her legs bitten off . Other than that , I was at least expecting the couple who were killed in the kitchen and / or the guy who was killed on the bridge to come back as zombies . It is also amazing that these zombies only take a ' few bites ' and then move on to their next victim . The most laughable moment was of course the zombie fetus . A pregnant woman who has been infected lies on a bed in a hospital . A woman who seems to have a lot of ' medical knowledge ' tries to deliver the baby ( ! ) and has her face pulled off by a zombie , before having her head pushed into the woman 's stomach where a hand bursts out and proceeds to rip the rest of her face off . Timeless ! As usual , all the characters are perfect stereotypes of this genre . The megalomaniacal military officer , the pathetic useless squealing women who scream to get killed , the obvious characters who are ABOUT to get killed ( ie. watch for the man chasing a chicken ! ) I guess this movie really is a comedy . There were many laughable scenes , such as the shed that gets blown up with a hand grenade ( obviously the scene where the entire budget was spent ) and a climatic scene where a man screams , " I 'M THIRSTY ... THIRSTY FOR YOUR BLOOD ! " . The costumes are really bad - the same zombies reappear throughout the course of the film , wearing the same ' Asian-like ' clothing that may be found in a Bruce Lee film , and watch out for the blue 60 's skirt the girl at the motel is wearing when she and her boyfriend bump into the infected man . The end of the film leaves open the door as usual for the apocalyptic story-line . A radio DJ who narrates throughout the whole movie turns out to be a zombie himself and warns his listeners about the ' beginning of the end ' while the two survivors take off in a helicopter . Hardly " DAWN OF THE DEAD " material if you ask me . Regardless , this movie does deliver many laughs . The gore is minimal , and what gore there is , it is very unconvincing , let alone unimaginative . The usual mix of black blood , thick green goo oozing out of weeping sores and ' zombie make-up ' consisting of green moss . " ZOMBI 3 " makes for a good rental for a sleep-over party or a night of beer and popcorn . Other than that , horror fans should stay away . 3 out of 10
1	An unforgettable masterpiece from the creator of The Secret of Nimh and The Land Before Time , this was a very touching bittersweet cartoon . I remember this very well from my childhood , it was funny and sad and very beautiful . Well it starts out a bit dark , a dog who escaped the pound , and gets killed by an old friend , ends up in Heaven , and comes back . But it becomes sweet when he befriends an orphaned girl who can talk to animals . Some scenes were a bit scary contrary to other cartoons , like the dream sequence of Charlie , but everything else was okay , and the songs were fair . A memorable role of Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise , I just love that guy , ahehehe . And Judith Barsi of Jaws The Revenge , may God rest her soul , poor girl , she didn 't deserve to die , but she is in Heaven now , all good people go to Heaven . Overall this is a very good animated movie , a Don Bluth classic enough to put anime and Disney to shame . Recommended for the whole family . And know this , if you have the original video of this , you 'll find after the movie , Dom DeLuise has a very important and special message , gotta love that guy , ahehehe .
1	When The Matrix appeared in 1999 and questioned existence and identity , it was expected that a lot of movies would use it as inspiration . That didn 't really happen , surprisingly , and it took till 2002 for a movie of similar theme to appear . But to say Cypher is a clone would be to its discredit . The story is of a Morgan Sullivan , who applies for a job with a high-flying techno-company called Digicorp . His job is to be a spy and gain information about a rival company , while under an assumed and false identity . His home-life is perfectly normal but he has to lie to his wife about what he 's actually doing . However , things start to take conspirital turns and before he knows what 's going on , he starts to question who he actually is . This is not helped by a strange woman who turns up ... Twists and turns at every direction keep you absolutely fascinated , and at no point does anything ever seem contrived or unbelievable . It 's an enthralling journey through a not-too-distant future , and with good acting all round will keep you on the edge of your seat . Highly recommended .
1	It 's a genuine shame that this spin-off TV series inspired by the superior made-for-TV pictures " The Night Stalker " and " The Night Strangler " only lasted a single season and twenty episodes , because at its best this program offered an often winning and highly entertaining blend of sharp cynical humor ( Carl Kolchak 's spirited verbal sparring matches with perpetually irascible and long-suffering editor Tony Vincenzo were always a treat to watch and hear ) , clever writing , nifty supernatural menaces ( gotta love the offbeat and original creatures in " The Spanish Moss Murders , " " The Sentry , " and " Horror in the Heights , " plus you can 't go wrong with such tried 'n'true fright favorites as zombies , vampires , werewolves , and witches ) , colorful characters , lively acting from a raft of cool guest stars ( legendary biker flick icon William Smith got a rare chance to tackle a heroic lead in " The Energy Eater " while other episodes featured great veteran character actors like Keenan Wynn , John Fiedler , John Dehner , Severn Darden , and William Daniels in juicy roles ) , effective moments of genuine suspense ( the sewer-set climax of " The Spanish Moss Murders " in particular was truly harrowing ) , and , best of all , the one and only Darren McGavin in peak zesty form as the brash , aggressive , and excitable , but basically decent , brave , and honest small-time Chicago , Illinois newspaper reporter Carl Kolchak . Kolchak was the quintessential 70 's everyman protagonist , a wily and quick-witted fellow with a strong nose for a tasty scoop and an unfortunate knack for getting into all kinds of trouble . Moreover , the occasionally bumbling Kolchak was anything but superhuman ; he usually either tripped or stumbled while running away from a deadly threat , yet possessed a certain inner strength and courage that enabled him to save the human race time and time again from all kinds of lethal otherworldly foes . Kolchak was surrounded by a handful of enjoyable secondary characters : Simon Oakland was perfect as Carl 's chronically ill-tempered boss Tony Vincenzo , Jack Grinnage as the prissy Ron Updyke made for an ideal comic foil , Ruth McDevitt was simply delightful as the sweet Miss Emily Cowles , and Carol Ann Susi was likewise a lot of fun as eager beaver rookie Monique Marmelstein ( who alas disappeared after popping up in only three episodes ) . Granted , the show did suffer from lackluster make-up and special effects ( the titular lycanthrope in " The Werewolf " unfortunately resembles a Yorkshire terrier ! ) and the latter episodes boasted a few laughably silly monsters ( the headless motorcyclist in " Chopper , " Cathy Lee Crosby as Helen of Troy in " The Youth Killer ' ) , but even the second-rate shows are redeemed by the program 's trademark wickedly sly sardonic wit and McGavin 's boundless vitality and engagingly scrappy presence .
1	Probably Jackie Chan 's best film in the 1980s , and the one that put him on the map . The scale of this self-directed police drama is evident from the opening and closing scenes , during which a squatters ' village and shopping mall are demolished . There are , clearly , differences between the original Chinese and dubbed English versions , with many of the jokes failing to make their way into the latter . The latter is also hampered by stars who sound nothing like their Chinese originals . In fact , the only thing the dubbing has corrected is the court trialat the time , trials in colonial Hong Kong were conducted in English , while the original has this scene in Cantonese ! Nonetheless , Chan 's fighting style and the martial arts choreography inject humour where possible , so non-Cantonese audiences don 't miss much . It 's not , after all , the dialogue that makes a Chan flick , but the action and the painful out-takes . The story is easy to follow : Chan plays an incorruptible Hong Kong detective pursuing a gangland godfather ( Cho Yeun ) , and assigned to protect a star witness ( Brigitte Lin ) . The action is superb from beginning to end , and there 's not much time to breathe in between . It 'll never get you thinking , but what an entertaining , and well strung-together , film . Arguably , this is one of the best martial arts films out there .
0	This program is really overrated . A detective like Danny Pino 's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the " rubber gun squad " years ago . The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007 . Every Vietnam veteran character they 've ever had has turned out to be the killer , unless it was another Vietnam veteran . There has only been one black murderer , and he was put up to it by his white boss . The only Hispanic killer was a " race traitor " who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that ( naturally ) two rich white kids committed . What a bunch of propaganda . Hey , screenwriters : minorities and poor people commit murder too . Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites . What 's more , the arrests of people in their 70s , 80s , and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke . No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick . The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor . The prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won 't serve a day . The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis , whose high-profile convictions boost DA 's careers .
0	Like wearing a hair shirt . Positively , absolutely , without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever . Pure torture . Zero stars out of ten . One long , tedious , labored , pretentious , self-conscious , theatrical , and leadenly artsy scene after another . Intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush . Half-naked , father and son grope and whisper to each other like lovers . " Homo-erotic " is the point , loud and clear . OK , so what ? Repeated more than once by the son is the line , supposedly lifted from " Lives of the Saints , " " A father 's love crucifies . A loving son lets himself be crucified . " The parallel to god and his son , Christ , is heavy-handed , irrelevant , and bombastic , like everything else here . Some reference points to the theme of Russian filiality : " Mother and Son " ( 1997 ) ; " The Return " ( Andrei Zvyagvatsev , 2003 ) ; " Little Odessa " ( James Gray , 1994 ) ; Turgenev , " Fathers and Sons " ; and , of course , Dostoyevsky , " The Brothers Karamazov . " Credits in English indicate intended international distribution , meaning that the excuse cannot be used that you have to be Russian to understand this mess . This is nowhere near as accomplished or compelling as Sokurov 's last , " Russian Ark " ( 2003 ) . As in his " Mother and Son , " an equally powerful soporific , some scenes are filmed from distorting mirrors , though not as interestingly . The film is almost monochromatic , shot from start to finish through beige filters , making it as visually as it is dramatically numbing . A soft-focus haze only adds to the drugged feeling . An annoying soundtrack drones on , never shuts up , like a tape loop . An old radio constantly plays in the background . Russian Romantic melancholy swells endlessly as " themes based on Tchaikovsky . " The presence of a " sound designer " ( Sergei Moshkov ) signifies , of course , that all those irritating little sounds , radio static , noises , distortion , and such , are " designed . " It 's hard to believe someone ( Sergei Potepolov ) actually wrote this thing . It all seems as arbitrary as traffic , as if improvised by bored actors , popping out of nothingness into nothingness . Modern art has finally succeeded in signifying the thing without being the thing , so that what we behold is the idea of the idea , empty as a shell , but not even a shell , merely the idea of a shell . Could one ask for a better definition of decadence ?
1	i was greatly moved when i watched the movie.how jonny could keep such hope and faith was amazing. so many people only care about what they want , and fuss about all the things they don 't have . and they are such small things , like chothes , money a new car . i 've seen people in tears because of a blemish. this movie brings everything back to the basics . love , hope the beauty of the simple but so important things in life.it makes our everyday problems seen for what they are Small and really unimportant. you watch this boy and you realize as long as you have been blessed with food , a roof over your head and your loved ones around you .you are truly blessed.and the saying stop and smell the roses truly has a new meaning.and i know jonny will see this and i want to thank him so much for sharing such faith , strenght , and humor with me .thank you jonny i know you soar the heavens and bring much love and laughter to the heavens above .
0	Can only be described as awful . It is bad to start with and then gets even more bad . When you start you really have to watch it through because it is impossible to believe that it can get worse - but fear not because it does . Another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie stars . It 's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both . As for the hero - well he belts up everyone including one scene where he beats the living daylights out of the tough by swinging open the wardrobe door and smashing him against the window with it . And in another scene he gets thrown through a window and crashes 20ft onto concrete - doesn 't even blink - then gets up immediately and gets stuck into the baddies . This is a really ridiculous movie . Lucky it only cost me $ 1 to hire .
1	This is the best movie I have ever seen . I 've seen the movie on Dutch television sometime in 1988 ( ? ) . That month they were showing a Yugoslavian movie every Sunday night . The next week there was another great movie ( involving a train , rather than a bus ) the name of which I don 't remember . If you know it , please let me know ! In any case , how can I get to see this movie again ? ? ? ? A DVD of this movie , where ? ? Please tell me at vannoord @ let.rug.nl The next week there was another great movie ( involving a train , rather than a bus ) the name of which I don 't remember . If you know it , please let me know ! In any case , how can I get to see this movie again ? ? ? ? A DVD of this movie , where ? ? Please tell me at vannoord @ let.rug.nl
0	Tainted look at kibbutz life This film is less a cultural story about a boy 's life in a kibbutz , but the deliberate demonization of kibbutz life in general . In the first two minutes of the movie , the milk man in charge of the cows rapes one of his calves . And it 's all downhill from there in terms of the characters representing typical " kibbutznikim . " Besides the two main characters , a clinically depressed woman and her young son , every one else in the kibbutz is a gross caricature of wellevil . The story centers on how the kibbutz , like some sort of cult , slowly drags the mother and son deeper into despair and what inevitably follows . There is no happiness , no joy , no laughter in this kibbutz . Every character / situation represents a different horrific human vice like misogyny , hypocrisy , violence , cultism , repression etc . For example , while the protagonist is a strikingly handsome European looking 12 year old boy his older brother is a typical kibbutz youth complete with his " jewish " physical appearance and brutish personality . He cares more about screwing foreign volunteers than the health of his dying mother . He treats these volunteers like trash . After his little brother pleads of him to visit his dying mother whom he hasn 't seen in a long time due to his military service , he orders , Quote " Linda , go take shower and I cum in two minutes . " There is one other " good " character in this movie a European foreigner who plays the mother 's boyfriend . When the animal rapist tries to hit the mother 's son , the boyfriend defends him by breaking the rapist 's arm . He is summarily kicked out of the kibbutz then for " violent " behavior against one of the kibbutz members . More hypocrisy : The indescribably annoying French woman who plays the school teacher preaches that sex cannot happen before age 18 , or without love and gives an account of the actual act that 's supposed to be humorous for the audience , but is really just stupid . She of course is screwing the head of the kibbutz in the fields who then in turn screws the little boy 's mom when her mental health takes a turn for the worse . The film portrays the kibbutz like some sort of cult . Children get yanked out of their beds in the middle of the night and taken to some ritual where they swear allegiance in the fields overseen by the kibbutz elders . The mother apparently can 't " escape " the kibbutz , although in reality , anyone was / is always free to come and go as they choose . It 's a mystery how the boy 's father died , but you can rest assured , the kibbutz " drove him to it " and his surviving parents are another pair of heartless , wretched characters that weigh down on the mother and her son . That 's the gist of this movie . One dimensional characters , over dramatization , dry performances , and an insidious message that keeps trying to hammer itself into the audience 's head that kibbutz life was degrading , miserable and even deadly for those who didn 't " fit in . " I feel sorry for the guy who made this film obviously he had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz . But I feel as though he took a few kernels of truth regarding kibbutz life and turned them into huge atomic stereotyped bombs .
0	Dude , really ! ! ! ! where have you guys been the past 20 years , this is shocking in all kind of ways , horror ? This is a joke , there is nothing wrong with being low budget , but this is a laugh , If you want to look at the classics , Freaks of Tod Browning , the victims of Dracula and Frankenstein , the Undying Monster , Ernest Thesiger , Paul Wegener 's The Golem and the passengers of The Ghost Train , you can 't compare it , it gives it a bad name , bad acting , bad screenplay etc . Total waist of money and free time , have watched a lot of movies , were as horror is my all time favorite , I really am speechless , have nothing more to say that please don 't do the effort to watch something so daft , please understand
0	Dooohhh ! My Bwainn Hurrrts ! Well it certainly does after this endurance test of a film . How on earth I managed to keep going without hitting the fast forward button lord only knows . Maybe it 's me ! ! Maybe I don 't get the premise of the film ... or maybe I don 't appreciate it 's alleged mystical atmosphere . In my humble opinion though the film has about as much mystical atmosphere as a trip to McDonalds . In addition the characters were all dreadful and there is more character development in a Tom & Jerry cartoon . Yaarrrghhh ! Why do I do it ? why do I watch such tripe ? It 's enough to make one run away and join a monastery or the Foreign Legion ! ! YAARGH ! ! An absolutley dreadful film in just about every respect . Apart from that it 's not to bad .
1	Taking over roles that Jack Albertson and Sam Levene played on Broadway , Walter Matthau and George Burns play a couple of old time vaudeville comics , a team in the tradition of Joe Smith and Charles Dale who seem to have a differing outlook on life . Walter Matthau can 't stop working , the man has never learned to relax , take some time and smell the roses . He 's a crotchety old cuss whose best days are behind him and his nephew and agent Richard Benjamin is finding less and less work for him . What hurt him badly was that some 15 years earlier his partner George Burns decided to retire and spend some time with his family . A workaholic like Matthau can 't comprehend it and take Burns 's decision personally . Benjamin hits on a brain storm , reunite the guys and do it on a national television special . What happens here is pretty hilarious . The Sunshine Boys is also a sad , bittersweet story as well about old age . Matthau is on screen for most of the film , but it 's Burns who got the kudos in the form of an Oscar at the ripe old age of 79 . Burns brought a bit of the personal into this film as well . As we all know he was the straight man of the wonderful comedy team of Burns & Allen who the Monty Python troop borrowed a lot from . In 1958 due to health reasons , Gracie Allen retired and George kept going right up to the age of 100 . Or at least pretty close to as an active performer . The Sunshine Boys is based on the team of Smith & Dale however and if you like The Sunshine Boys I strongly recommend you see Two Tickets to Broadway for a look at a pair of guys who were entertaining the American public at the turn of the last century . The doctor sketch that Matthau and Burns do is directly from their material . And I do think you will like The Sunshine Boys .
0	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources . I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film . I am still struggling to understand the roles of the actors in this film , the film jumps from different stories and does not allow you to really empathise with any of the roles . For the political buff 's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably quite good , but to the average movie watcher this film is awkward , very boring in places and you will leave the cinema confused and annoyed that you paid the entrance fee. see it if your ready to focus 100 % on every minute detail or politics interest you. don 't see it , if you actually like watching films .
0	I just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film I have done on the net . I felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films I have ever seen . After reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible . 1 . The actors . I know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with Nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average . 2 . The incredibly lame make up and special effects . Once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse . 3 . The obvious similarities to Hostel . Whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success . Only problem is Roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there ... 4 . The music . Not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying . 5 . The script in general . All dialogue was forced and terrible ! Also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought . 6 . The editing . WTF . How jarring , and not in a good way. nuf said . Seriously I would like to hear the director 's thoughts on my post ( he no doubt frequents his pages on IMDb . ) cause buddy ... what were you thinking . Surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands ... Sorry I don 't want to be harsh but you must have more talent than this i hope your next feature that gutterballs movie or wahtever is better , hopefully practice makes progress . But in the mean time avoid this like the plague . I want my 81 mins back with interest . ( At least I didn 't pay to watch it . )
0	Given the title and outlandish box art , I was ready for just about anything . Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high , because I was left a little dry . A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex . Where hasn 't this set up been used before ? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex . Not allowed to show all the goods ( groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time , what is shown is fogged out ) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be . Amidst all the kinky goings on , a mud monster ( whose origin I can 't fathom ) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women ... then murdering them too . Some of the sights are a bit much , most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of ... stuff , but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare . Ultimately the film is pulled down by it 's own designs ; it 's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick . The mediums can work , but there need to be a balance . 4 / 10
0	Trust me , this is one let down movie that you want to avoid and this comes from one huge Denzel Washington fan . The frustrating part is that it 's 1 / 3 of a GREAT film . The first part of this movie does an exceptional job of setting up the characters and the new relationship between Creasy and the girl he 's paid to protect . The trailers to this movie all mention that she is kidnapped . So , I 'm giving nothing away when I say that the film degenerates into an almost unwatchable mess after she 's kidnapped . Whatever the director was trying to accomplish , all he succeeds in doing is making the audience literally nauseous . Rapid , frantic and choppy cuts follow for the next half-hour as Creasy tracks down the perpetrators . These cuts are so unnatural and nauseating that all they do is to jolt you out of the story . I 'm sure the director thought that this unsettling way to present the story signified a change in Creasy 's character and signified that a different movie was to follow . Well , he was right . The movie that followed was complete and unsatisfying crap . The result of which is a depressing ending that ruins even the quality first forty minutes of the movie .
0	I was really looking forward to watching this , being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress . The beginning was interesting . I liked the relationship between the two stars . It then quickly jumps to the main plot , which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped . They then decide to go for some revenge . Sounds good , right ? Well , it 's not . The story gets boring and side-tracked , and certain things get really weird . I won 't give out any details , but things happen that I , for one , have no desire to see . I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt , and I really wanted to like this one . It just didn 't work out . I give it a 3 out of 10 , mainly for the acting .
1	The second alternate Gundam universe tale ( G-Gundam being the first ) , Gundam Wing is yet another different view into the Gundam verse . The familiar elements are found but Gundam Wing is actually different then its counterparts . The biggest being the Gundams are nothing more than terrorists combating one lone organization . In truth , the series doesn 't really become a show about war until episode 7 but in truth the real conflict , the Eve Wars , don 't happen until the later episodes . The greatest positives of this series are it 's characters . All the main characters are fleshed out throughout the 49 episode run and you can really sympathize with each of the roles their put in . Another great plus is the fantastic character and mecha design of the series . The designs put some of it 's other Gundam counterparts to shame . One of the biggest criticism of this series is how many die hard UC fans claim rip off of the original UC saga . Why Gundam Wing gets this rap when the more apparent UC clone of Gundam Seed is out there is beyond me . True there are many moments lifted but their told in new ways and there are distinct differences as well . Take for example , the usual comparison of Zechs Merquise and UC Icon Char Aznable . Throughout the series , Zechs is more the outcast in the Alliance and in ways OZ as well , while the Red Comet was shining symbol of Zeon . Another big difference is the fact Zechs loses a lot soldiers under his command hence the other nickname he 's given in the early episodes : " Killer of his own men . " Char isn 't given this label . The problems with this series isn 't the philosophy mumbo jumbo but two problems . The first is the reused animation footage of the Gundams attacks . Sure it 's fun seeing Heavy Arms attack tanks , MS , and planes the first time . But on it 's fourth re-use scenes like this do get old . The second problem is that the entire series is supposed to take place during an entire year . If you really think about all the events springing in the series , a lot happens in just one lone year . But I guess you can easily dismiss this fact when ignoring the intro 's first lines every so often . As it ranks , this is probably the best of the Alternate universe Gundam tales and a great introduction into the Gundam world . After all , this was the very first Gundam anime to air in the US television .
0	This was a nice attempt at something but it is too pretentious and boring to rise above it 's low budget trappings . The use of virtual sets almost works but at some points it fails miserably . They made good use of the small budget I guess . I just wish the story and most of the acting was better . There are a lot of parts where you see what they were aiming for and it would of been great if they actually hit those marks but they don 't . Confusing and unbelievable story . Bad DVD transfer too . It doesn 't take much for me to watch a movie in one sitting . This I had to shut off . It was too boring . I can do slow movies . But just make them appealing in some aspect . Visually , story-wise , acting , etc . This was lacking in all departments so it never added up to an engrossing experience . Maybe the film maker 's next attempt will be better .
1	Saw this Saturday night at the Provincetown Film Festival , and it 's a stick-to-your-bones movie -- it 's really stayed with me . Adapted very smartly from what is probably an excellent novel , it 's a back-and-forth-in-time drama with fully rounded characters , thoughtful rumination on life choices , and , I 'm not exaggerating. one of the greatest casts ever assembled in 100 + years of movie-making . Wonderful work from everyone , led by a luminous Vanessa Redgrave as a dying , deluded Newport matron , and Claire Danes as her much younger self . Meryl Streep 's daughter Mamie Gummer is , like Mama , the real deal ; Patrick Wilson looks like Paul Newman circa 1958 and doesn 't overplay the charm ; and what a pleasure to see such excellent stage actors as Barry Bostwick and Eileen Atkins contributing sharp , detailed cameos . Hugh Dancy , also from the stage , doesn 't bring much edge to the somewhat clichd role of an unhappy rich wastrel , and the family issues are resolved perhaps more neatly than real life would allow . But it 's a deliberately paced , visually gorgeous meditation on real life issues , and you can cry at it and not feel like you 're being recklessly manipulated . Also , what a sumptuous parade of 1940s / 50s automobiles .
1	" Midnight Cowboy " is one of those films thats been proclaimed a masterpiece with good reason - it really is one of the finest films ever made in America . Its both artistically valid yet entirely accessible and commercial . No wonder it was a huge success when initially released . But be warned , its also one of the most heartbreaking films ever made . The characters are memorable , well-developed , and ultimately tragic . The filmmakers should be applauded for not giving us the Hollywood ending , something which was basically mandatory by the 80s . Still , this is why I treasure the years of 1967 to 1977 for American film . Its a time when well-made , innovative , and most of all bleak films could be made with the big budgets that Hollywood could offer . All this was over by the time " Star Wars " was released . The direction by John Schlesinger makes the material work . It combines a simplistic style with some experimental editing . Unlike many other films featuring these psychedelic effects , " Midnight Cowboy " has aged quite well . Its still as powerful now as it was when initially released . The acting however is what makes this a masterpiece . The characters ' backgrounds are never fully explained , but the performances make them completely developed . Both Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are absolutely memorable and sympathetic ( despite their sometimes reprehensible actions ) . Plus , being a fan of vintage exploitation films , I loved the scenes set on the infamously sleazy 42nd street . " Midnight Cowboy " is close to being perfect and one of the most powerful films ever made . ( 10 / 10 )
1	" Margaritas and Cock ... " This tremendously entertaining film grabs you from the opening scene and never stops delivering laughs , surprises and unexpectedly touching moments . I had more fun watching " The Matador " than almost any other film from 2005 . It is a wacky film with an unforgettable character , played to perfection by Pierce Brosnan . Julian Noble ( Brosnan ) is a facilitator ( hit-man ) who specializes in high-end corporate gigs ( assassinating rich dudes ) . He is also experiencing something akin to a mid-life crisis . After coming to realization that he has no real friends , no permanent home and no planned future , he stumbles into a Mexican hotel bar one night and runs into Danny Wright ( Kinnear ) . Danny is a down-on-his-luck family man who is on the verge of losing the big business deal that just might turn things around for him . He loves his wife dearly , especially so since they lost their young son a few years earlier . The two men are chalk and cheese , hardly any common ground other than that they are in the same desolate bar one night . And somehow a conversation is struck that sets in to motion a chain of events that will change their lives forever . The friendship they form reminded me a lot of Laurel and Hardy . One is the straight man and the other is the persistent fool who gets them into trouble . The interplay is superbly timed and finely tuned , due in no small part to the wonderful performances from Brosnan and Kinnear . But make no mistake ... This is Brosnan 's film . He imprints one of the most memorable and despicably likable characters of the decade . He could shoot your mother and apologize immediately thereafter and you 'd probably forgive him . Brosnan may be cinema 's ultimate charmer , but this is his most endearing and complete performance to date . I wouldn 't be averse to seeing an Oscar nod for this role . Consider one scene where he overtly ogles a high-school girl with the impurest of thoughts and utters the line , " All blushy blushy ... No sucky fucky " . He does it with the familiar Bond smirk and manages to get away with it . He manages to tell a young boy , " Tell your mother to lose 30lbs and 20 years . Then get back to me " without coming across as unlikable . In fact , it makes us like him even more . And yet the film manages to surprise us with some truly touching scenes , most of which come toward the end when the film takes some unpredictable turns . However , when Julian thumbs through his little black book to find someone to call on his birthday , or when Danny and his wife ( Davis ) console each other in their bedroom one night , the film reaches an unexpected depth of emotion . " The Matador " is stylish and energetic . It is constantly entertaining . And it contains a career-defining role for Brosnan as the lonely hit-man looking for normalcy , friendship and a means to do at least one good thing in his life . This is an overlooked gem in 2005 and you should make an effort to see this film as soon as possible . TC Candler of IndependentCritics.com
0	It has its merit 's ; Morvern Callar is both the merits and the disappointments . She 's so enigmatic , so original . Is it her method of dealing with the pain of a lost one that 's making her so distant and un-relatable ? Or is she as one reviewer called her a revolutionary ? Personally I 'd call her dysfunctional . Morvern is completely detaching herself . Disposing of her boyfriend , not thinking of informing family or using the money he gave her for a proper funeral , she selfishly splashes out on a trip to Spain . She 's seems so devoid of anything relatively human bar greed . The only element that enables the audience see the human side of her is her close friend she takes on holiday with her . Although by the end her friend is dumped and Morvern has nothing that ties her down to humanity . She may as well have killed herself . Despite managing to make Spain look as gloomy and bland as the UK the director 's shots were superb , the lighting and color made the film visually stunning . It 's really a shame the movie has nothing in it that keeps interest . It 's little over 90 minutes but feels a lot longer . They manage to make Morvern seem interesting to grab your attention but do nothing with her only alienate her from you more to the point where you don 't care about the characters or the film .
1	The world of the Dragon Hunters is a 3D gravity challenged world . Planetoids , bits of buildings and strange flat plants float around in the atmosphere while the ground towards most of the characters are falling is nowhere to be seen . It is a world reminiscent of Neverending Story , when the Nothing came to eat the world away . Funny enough , the villain here is the World Gobbler , as well . This time it is a huge skeleton dragon with fiery eyes . The heroes are a big yet taciturn warrior , an annoying and greedy sidekick managing the entrepreneurial side of the duo and a strange useless animal . They are joined by the most talkative little girl in the world who , to my chagrin , did not die a horrible painful and hopefully early death . The animation is great . The voices and the sounds are top notch . Too bad the story is as simple as one can possibly imagine . They go to stop the World Gobbler , they reach him almost immediately , they defeat him . The end . No real character development or story twists . Not even the ones I would expect from a movie with such a plot . Bottom line : it 's a cute thing to watch , kids would probably enjoy it , but that 's about it . No depth to this world ( pun intended ) .
1	Some of the acting was a bit suspect . I remember that asswipe Alexander Walker ( Evening Standard critic , yeah OK , he 's now dead ) launched into a rant about this film saying it was a disgrace portraying NI Protestants as murderers . Now with respect to all NI protestants , this film was loosely based on the Shankill Butchers ( who were loyalists ) and who roamed Belfast in the 1970 's . Believe me , they were not called butchers for nothing. my main moan about this film is the it shows no ray of light or hope , it 's all doom & gloom , i mean did the little girl at the end have to die . Maybe this sounds corny but it could have taken the tact that not all Prods & tiags are bad or wholly good either .
0	This movie was a rather odd viewing experience . The movie is obviously based on a play . Now I 'm sure that everything in this movie works out just fine in a play but for in a movie it just doesn 't feel terribly interesting enough to watch . The movie is way too ' stagey ' and they didn 't even bothered to change some of the dialog to make it more fitting for a movie . Instead what is presented now is an almost literally re-filming of a stage-play , with over-the-top characters and staged dialog . Because of all this the storyline really doesn 't work out and the movie becomes an almost complete bore- and obsolete viewing experience . It takes a while before you figure out that this is a comedy you 're watching . At first you think its a drama you 're watching , with quirky characters in it but as the movie progresses you 'll notice that the movie is more a tragicomedy , that leans really more toward the comedy genre , rather than the drama genre . The characters and dialog are really the things that make this movie a quirky and over-the-top one that at times really become unwatchable . Sure , the actors are great ; Peter O 'Toole and Susannah York , amongst others but they don 't really uplift the movie to a level of ' watchable enough ' . The story feels totally disorientated . Basicaly the story is about nothing and just mainly focuses on the brother / sister characters played by Peter O 'Toole and Susannah York . But what exactly is the story even about ? The movie feels like a pointless and obsolete one that has very little to offer . Like I said before ; I 'm sure the story is good and interesting to watch on stage but as a movie it really isn 't fitting and simply doesn 't work out . The editing is simply dreadful and times and it becomes even laughable bad in certain sequences . More was to expect from director J. Lee Thompson , who has obviously done far better movies than this rather failed , stage-play translated to screen , project . Really not worth your time . 4 / 10
0	I heard this film was much more stylistic than the films director Guy Ritchie ( Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Snatch ) had directed before , the problem is , it is possibly too stylistic . Basically Jake Green ( Jason Statham ) is released from prison after seven years in solitary , and within two years he gambles loads of his money . He is ready to seek revenge against the violence-prone casino owner who got Jake sent to prison , Dorothy ' Mr. D ' Macha ( Ray Liotta ) . In the process , doctors tell Jake that he has three days left to live as he is dying from a rare blood disease , oh , and Macha puts hit men on him . Loan sharks Zach ( Vincent Pastore ) and Avi ( Andr Benjamin ) are demanding Jake pays their cash back , and do some odd jobs for them . The film is filled with Jake narrating through some flashbacks , and through his last three days before coming to the big revelation about Zach and Avi , and Macha , well , I assume that 's what it was . Also starring Terence Maynard as French Paul , Andrew Howard as Billy , Mark Strong as Sorter , Francesca Annis as Lily Walker , Anjela Lauren Smith as Doreen and Elana Binysh as Rachel . The are sequences involving a little bit of animation , repeating lines twice in different perspectives , and changing speeds for moments , and all of these are irritating to the point of confusion and boredom , making it a silly crime drama . Pretty poor !
1	Reese Witherspoon plays Dani , a young country girl that falls madly in love with the new 17 year old neighbor , Court , played by Jason London . Court tries his best to make Dani realize that the difference in their ages would make a love relationship improbable . Soon the nubile charm of Dani starts winning over Court 's will . Next enters the meeting of Dani 's older sister , played by Emily Warfield , and the beginning of a short lived love / jealousy problem . Tess Harper and Sam Waterston round out the cast . This is a fresh , free spirited ; but heartbreaking drama that touches down deep . Feel free to cry .
1	The film " Cross Eyed " by Adam Jones propels the viewer on a ride of redemption as the main character takes back control of the wheel and sets his life in order . Adam Jones has found an imaginative and refreshing way to empower his character and actualize what matters most . These truths become apparent to both the characters and viewers as you laugh and gag to the credits with them . The simple yet attractive settings \ costumes keep you guessing about what you will see next . You can 't help but smile and laugh at the antics that take place in this movie . I can 't wait for his sophomore effort . It is only a matter of time before Jones strikes again . Bravo !
1	Another episode from childhood that , as an adult , I look back on with a different perspective . This was one of my favorite childhood episodes , one that really cemented my adoration of this show . However , on viewing this episode after 20 years , I 'd say it is definitely one of the lighter ones , played for laughs and amusement , instead of the dramatic and well-constructed story lines in previous episodes in this , their first and best season . Perhaps this episode was written for a little fan R & R too ! As Mr. Spock would say , the story just isn 't logical but there are some amusing lines like , of course , Mr. Spock 's final one at the end--when he asks the Captain , McCoy et al whether they enjoyed their R & R and they answer in the affirmative , he raises an eyebrow and says " Fascinating ... " in only the way Mr. Spock could do that . An interesting story line , of course , the idea of an amusement park being actually amusing ( instead of the fake and often annoying " amusement " of Disneyland , for example ) , being able to have one 's wishes actually come true . Really , a great idea but not that well executed . And coming from Theodore Sturgeon , another of the great SF short story writers they used in the first season , one wonders how much tinkering was done to the script that Sturgeon turned in . Now , here is a little trivia I learned on this very site : In 1987 , James Gunn established the Theodore Sturgeon Award for best short science fiction story . And I 'll quote the rest from this site : In 1968 he { Sturgeon } wrote " The Joy Machine " , a third script for the Star Trek TV series { Amok Time the other } , that was never shot . The main reason that it wasn 't used in the series is that it contained expensive special effects sequences that would be too much for their budget . However , the script was adapted into a book by Sci-Fi writer James Gunn ( Star Trek # 80 , The Original Series ) and published by Pocket Books in 1996 . I 'd sum this up to say this episode is still very enjoyable , especially if one doesn 't think too much about it . Just laugh and enjoy it and next episode we can get back to the serious stuff of protecting the universe .
0	This thing was bad . Really bad . I mean , low budget can sometimes be very inspiring , but not this . The story was so off-the-shelf , the alien 's behaviour so illogical , the characters so cliched . I found nothing good in it . And I did try .
0	This film actually works from a fairly original idea - I 've never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway . However , the way that it executes this idea isn 't original in the slightest ; we follow a bunch of kids that , for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest . The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc ; but really , the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme . Many films of this ilk don 't have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one . The only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they 're beautiful women that the characters lust for , rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from . This is good up until a point ; but it soon gets boring , and the almost complete lack of any back-story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the ' horror trash ' category . It 's been years since The Evil Dead made the woodlands a prime horror location , and in spite of films like The Blair Witch Project ; it still makes for an excellent horror setting . This is one of the film 's major assets , as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned doesn 't ever seem to have much up its sleeve . The death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination , and the fact that all the characters are clichd in the extreme doesn 't help , as you 're more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away . The cast is made up of kids mainly , but there is a role here for Tom Savini ; who unfortunately doesn 't get to have fun in the special effects department . The only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves . The naked ladies tend to look great , and if it wasn 't for them , this film would get very boring very quickly . There 's nothing to recommend this film for really ; but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks , you might find some enjoyment here .
0	And how many actors can he get to stand in for his own neurotic , compulsive uber-New Yorker persona ? In this film Woody is played by Will Ferrell in what is mercifully less a direct impersonation than the one Kenneth Branagh did in " Celebrity . " It 's an annoyingly repetitive story now : nebbishy , neurotic man with a wife or girlfriend falls madly in love with a shiksa queen upon which he projects all manner of perfection . Everyone lives in perfect gigantic apartments in great Manhattan neighborhoods , everyone constantly patronizes expensive , exclusive restaurants during which all the characters relate fascinating anecdotes and discuss arcane philosophy , there is always a trip to the Hamptons during which the nebbishy main character spazzes out about sand and physical exertion and possible exposure to diseases , and then of course , said main character feels guilty about his lust for the shiksa queen but pursues her anyway , sometimes succeeding , sometimes failing , etc . This a tired formula , and proof that Allen isn 't really a great film artist at all . He just seems like a dirty old man with the libido and emotions of a 20-year-old who is intent upon telling the same boring old stories again and again .
1	Rock n ' roll is a messy business and DiG ! demonstrates this masterfully . A project of serious ambition , and perhaps foolhardiness , the filmmaker is able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups . With that said , the abundance of quality material ensures the film 's ability to captivate the audience . If you 've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry , this movie will undoubtedly be an arresting viewing. the music in the film , although it suffers minimally from requisite cutting and pasting , is worth the price of admission alone. the morning after i saw DiG ! i went straight to the record store to pick up a Brian Jonestown Massacre album ( i was already initiated to the Dandy Warhols ' sounds ) . Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music , the film succeeds at other profound levels . DiG ! is a sincere , and sufficiently objective , glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces .
0	I can 't believe anyone thought there was anything original or interesting about this movie . I 'm a fan of science fiction as much as the next guy , and I can enjoy even old movies with ridiculous premises as long when they are written by someone other than a monkey . ( See , for example , my glowing review of Altered States [ 1980 ] . ) A monkey could have explained better exactly why I should for a second take seriously the basic idea behind this movie . The problem is not that the producers had a low budget--it 's that they didn 't care . Now , to publicly humiliate the worthless magazines whose glowing reviews appear on the box : Chicago Tribune San Francisco Chronicle San Francisco Bay Guardian ( Actually , I enjoy reading the latter two . Still , their movie reviewing credibility has gone through the floor . But I know if I ever make a movie with handheld camera , a cheesy plot and stupid effects , I 'll show it to these journalists and remind them what they said about Conceiving Ada . )
0	1 / 10 and that 's only because I don 't go lower with my ratings. skip this " movie " and wait for the last movie of the " Trilogy " , don 't buy or rent it. trust me you won 't be missing a thing. the Architect brings no new info : _ ( spoiler ) _ there have been more NEO 's before him , he 's like nr.6 or something. you could already figure something like that out from the first movie : Agent Smith telling us the first Matrix created didn 't work because it was too perfect . Trinity died and Neo 's " love " brought her back , where have I seen this before ? Oh right in the first movie the roles where reversed ! same as the action-scenes nothing new just with more opponents. the Action-scene ( the 20 + ships ) in the BIG battle which we didn 't see ( maybe in Revolutions ? ) , betrayed by someone ( hmmmm , maybe the guy holding the knife who wanted to stab Neo ? ! ) who pushed the EGM-button to soon. all in all a shameless ploy to make money ( especially off the guys who went to see it more then once ) , which evidently worked like a charm .
1	This movie should not be compared to " The Sting " , or other caper / heist / con game films . What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships , deceit and trust . It 's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry , given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale . Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy ? Highly , hugely recommended !
0	I may have seen worse films than this , but I if I have , I don 't remember . Or possibly blocked them out . Who knows , if I was to undergo hypnotherapy , I may remember them , along , maybe , with been abducted by aliens as a child , or other traumas . If so , I would happily exchange those memories for the ones I have of watching this film . I should give the film some credit : It did produce an emotional response . I actually started to become angry at scenes that spoofed other films and TV programs , that this travesty was dirtying them by association . I am terrified that I may be unable to watch films like Dr Strangelove again without this film flitting across my minds eye .
0	... when he remade Broadway BILL ( 1934 ) as RIDING HIGH ( 1950 ) . Recasting Bing Crosby as DAN BROOKS did not help a screenplay that was ' dated ' in 34 let alone 50 . This sad film has entire scenes lifted from the original with many of the supporting cast repeating their roles , unless they were dead . Though being older did not seem to matter to the Director . Nor that the Cars and Clothes in the background plates from 1934 did not seem match up too 1950s ' standards . Not even ' der Bingel ' singing can redeem this effort . We rated both the original and the remake IMDb Four * * * * Stars . Frank 's touch was long gone and all that was left was CAPRA-CORN . That did not stop Mr. Capra though . After floundering around the 50 's making some educational documentaries he wound up his career remaking LADY FOR A DAY ( 1933 ) as POCKETFUL OF MIRACLES ( 1961 ) . Again a fine cast was let down on that IMDb Six * * * * * * Star effort compared too the originals Eight * * * * * * * * Stars . Sometimes it is better to quit while you were still ahead , right after STATE OF THE UNION ( 1948 ) .
0	After viewing the film , I was truly shocked to see such a high rating on IMDb . ' The Fantastic Mr. Fox ' is an adaption of a beloved children 's classic , portraying the story of the smooth , slick protagonist Mr. Fox ( or ' Foxy ' ) as he attempts one ' last ' heist to steal from the dreaded Boggins , Bunce and Bean . That 's right , one short , one fat , one lean , or however it goes . I don 't quite know where to start with my criticism . Well , I 'm in my late teens and was never a fan of Roald Dahl , but I like his material well enough , having read a few of his books as a child and seen Matilda and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory over and over again . This film , however , struggles for an audience . Is it aimed at children ? Adults ? I 'm still unsure ! Many of the ' jokes ' would bore a child , especially as Mr. Fox visits a lawyer for example , or complains about being poor . Also , an audience of ( I 'm assuming ) children is expected to sympathise with a character who steals and kills chickens . I 'm all for the food chain , but you practically see Mr. Fox biting down on their necks ! Surely that 's a bit much ? And also , the plot ... well , it 's kind of boring . I stayed only with the hope of it getting better , but instead I just got more and more annoyed at Mr Fox and his son Ash for making stupid decisions . The humour , meanwhile , falls flat . I laughed only once or twice , even though I specifically recognised attempts at jokes . I think part of it is that the voice acting is so incredibly flat and monotoned . The voice actors have no sense of comic timing , instead aiming for the subtlety of humour that only works with certain mediums . George Clooney aims to portray Mr. Fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has no character . Meryl Streep shows no emotion , I didn 't even realise Bill Murray had a role until the end credits , and Ash , twelve-years old in fox-years , sounds like he 's about 30 . I love animation , particularly stop motion , but the visual style actually creeped me out a little bit . Characters are tall , spindly and lacking any warmth of design . They move with very little fluidity and often the animation is jerky and strange . There is also a distinctive ' mixed medium ' feel , as 2D components are added in sporadically and unsuccessfully . Characters look straight at the camera and talked ; it was very awkward . There was one or two moments when Kylie looked straight at the camera , didn 't move and had swirls on his eyeballs . It actually freaked me out . Fantastic Mr. Fox had so much potential . Lots of people still seem to like it - look at the reviews . Maybe it just wasn 't for me .
1	In a time when Hollywood is making money by showing our weaknesses , despair , crime , drugs , and war , along comes this film which reminds us the concept of the " Indomitable Spirit " . If you are feeling beaten down , this movie will free your mind and set you soaring . We all know how tough life can be , sometime we need to be reminded that persistence and courage will get us through . That 's what this film did for me and I hope it will for you .
1	Saw this again recently on Comedy Central . I 'd love to see Jean Schertler ( Memama ) and Emmy Collins ( Hippie in supermarket ) cast as mother and son in a film , it would probably be the weirdest flicker ever made ! Hats off to Waters for making a consistently funny film .
1	Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again . Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville . What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another . The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together . Look for great performances from Keaton , Gedde Watanabe , George Wendt , Mimi Rogers , John Turturro , Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo . All are perfectly cast . Don 't be fooled by the low number rating . This is a 7.5 in my book . It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon . Yes , there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon .
0	Judging from this film and THE STRONG MAN , made the same year , I would not place Harry Langdon at the top of the list of great silent screen comedians . There simply is not enough there . Perhaps he was on his way to developing his style but sabotaged himself by taking his first big successes too seriously . In any event , all of his tricks are reminiscent of the greater funny men , but he lacks the acrobatic skills of Keaton and the prodigious ingenuity of Lloyd . He also undermines his own persona by dressing and walking like Chaplin 's tramp character . His trademarks are childlike innocence , timidity of approach and a tendency to under-react to calamity by looking perplexed , batting his eyes or touching his pursed lips with the tip of his forefinger . The comedy in Langdon 's films results from fate throwing various obstacles in his path which he tries to overcome in wimpy or nave ways or with a minimum of physicality , such as throwing rocks at an approaching tornado to drive it away , propping up a collapsing building with a two-by-four or dodging boulders by lifting a leg so that they roll under him . In this story , about the son of a shoemaker who joins a cross-country walking race to publicize a rival company 's footwear , he manages to win by sheer luck . There is nothing here that hasn 't been done far better by the Big Three .
0	Phew--I don 't what to say . This is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers . Some of the acting reminded me of John Waters ' early offerings . Perhaps I should take that back--I don 't want to insult Waters ' ability as a director / storyteller . I particularly loved the lawyer taking about the " full faith and credibility " clause . It 's " full faith and credit , " by the way ! This also reminds me of " The Conrad Boys , " where the main actor is also the writer , director , film editor , etc . Those sort of multi-involved undertakings such as that are probably best left to very seasoned film professionals who would have the technical ability ( albeit a stunt , some might say ) to pull something off like that .
0	The acting may be okay , the more u watch this movie , the more u wish you weren 't , this movie is so horrible , that if I could get a hold of every copy , I would burn them all and not look back , this movie is terrible ! !
0	Joe Don Baker is an alright to good actor in small roles here and there ... he was alright in Goldeneye and made a pretty good Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies . One thing he can 't do is carry a movie as the lead , which he is in this extremely bad revenge movie set in Malta . Joe Don 's partner is killed so he kills the killer 's brother and escorts the killer to Italy , but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away . The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there , Joe Don getting taken into custody various times , Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on . The movie is quite bad and you won 't find yourself exactly pulling for Joe Don 's character . You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets taken out by one punch and how incompetent he proves to be . The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta . This movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever .
0	After reading the first 5 reviews on IMDb I was very enthusiastic about this movie . But it 's really an awful movie , the total time you see the alien is about 5 minutes ( the rest of the movie is cheap suspense ) , the acting is over the top en the story , oh boy , which story ? The story doesn 't seem to go in a direction , first they capture the alien ( after 7 years ! they finally succeed ) , then they don 't know what to do with it ( after 7 years ? ) and even want to release it ( why the hell did they capture it ? ) . Then the girlfriend , who 's acting is the most over the top , wants to walk away from this madness , then suddenly she doesn 't , then again , she does and then she doesn 't . Then they come to the conclusion that killing the alien will kill the whole human race ( and remember , in all those years no other human have seen these permanently settled aliens ) and what do they do ? They torture it and blow a bunch of aliens to peaces . This is my first review on IMDb , I 'm a very lazy person who doesn 't write very soon , so listen to my warning : this move is not worth your time , don 't watch this movie .
0	OK , anyone who could honestly say that this movie was Great or even Good is either delusional or knows the Director , Writer and Producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film . I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was Horrible . I 'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears . The reason I 'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on " Of Mice and Men " and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story . In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt ... for someone to take a classic book and film " Of Mice and Men " and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much . The actors , the accents , the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal . I mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified . Did not like this movie at all .
0	The old axiom that bored people are boring people is well demonstrated in " Women in Love . " The script , taken from D. H. Lawrence 's novel , contains an endless flow of concepts that are , at best , sophomoric . What a pity so much effort went into so vacuous an exercise ; what an empty array of characters given such attention . In spite of high production values , this film comes across as tedious as its personnel . A revisit in 2001 merely confirms a 1969 impression of juvenille minds in adult bodies , dawdling nowhere , and fumbling every step of the way .
1	" Enter the Fat Dragon " is one of the funniest martial art movies I had the opportunity to see . Sammo Hung portrays a Chinese farm boy that comes to visit a city friend . Just like Tang Lung of " Way of the Dragon . " Wherever Sammo goes , trouble starts , therefore he has to rely on his martial art skills to solve the differences . Luckily , Sammo 's character learns martial arts by imitating and mimicking his idol , Bruce Lee . He even strokes his nose with his thumb exactly the way Bruce Lee does and also releases his screeching yell . He also uses nunchucks in a scene . It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee . There 's a great showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters . Sammo has to encounter each opponent one by one . Sort of like " The Game of Death " , where each fighter possesses a different martial art discipline from one another . This is one of the films I really enjoyed watching and also the very first Sammo Hung movies I 've seen . Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs . A rare classic Sammo Hung film I highly recommend for all you martial art fans out there . 8.5 / 10 !
0	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie . First off the movie is so posed and not real , they are all acting . They can 't sing . They are way too full of themselves . Its awful . Yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid . I mean they say their manager is a kid . And there record label is fake . Its stupid . Don 't see it . As for the set up and directing , not so bad . It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing . Only see this if you don 't really like good music . Also , it 's very corny . It 's not even tasteful . I hate to be so mean ... but this really is a piece of junk .
1	It 's a strange thing to see a film where some scenes work rather weakly ( if only in comparison to other films in its legacy ) , and others in a ' sub-plot ' or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong . Sudden Impact is one of those cases , where Clint Eastwood as star / producer / director shows when he can be at his best , or at his lessor of times when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Harry fame . We get that ' make my day ' line , and un-like in the first film where his ' do I feel lucky ' speech was playful and cool the first time and the second time at the end tough as nails , here it 's switched around . He gets into another shamble with the department , as usual , when he tries to fight crime ' his ' way , in particular with a diner robbery ( inspiration for Pulp Fiction ? ) and with a high speed pursuit with a senior citizen bus . He 's told to ' take a vacation ' , and that 's the last thing on his mind . This whole main plot isn 't very convincing aside from the expectancy of the story and lines , which just adds to the frustration . But soon his story merges with the sub-plot that Eastwood develops from the start . Enter Sandra Locke 's character , Jennifer Spencer , whom we soon learn after some ( appropriately ) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel , unjust sexual assault ( err , outright rape ) , and is sleekly , undercover-like , getting revenge . Her scenes and story are the strongest parts of the film , the most intense , and finally when it goes into Callahan 's storyline ( he 's getting facts in the same small town she 's in on a murder ) , the film finally finds a focus between Eastwood 's classic form of clearly defined good vs. evil ( though sometimes blurred , to be sure ) . Eastwood films the flashbacks , not to say too much about them , expertly , in a fresh , experimental style ; the trademark Lalo Schifrin score is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others . It almost seems like a couple of times an art-house sensibility has crept into Eastwood 's firmly straightforward storytelling style , which helps make the film watchable . It 's a shame , though , that in the end it goes more for the expectable ( or maybe not expectable ) points , and until the third act Callahan doesn 't have much to do except his usual ' it 's smith ... Wesson ... and me ' shtick . However , with Locke he gets out of her a very good performance ( more subtle and touching than the one in the Gauntlet ) and an exciting climax at an amusement park . In a way I do and don 't agree with Ebert 's remark that it 's like a ' music video ' in Eastwood 's style here . I admit there is comparisons with the simplicity of both , the directness , but the scenes where Eastwood does break form are superior to those of any music video . It 's cheesy , it 's hard-edged , it 's not up to par with the first two ' Harry ' pictures , but hey , there could be worse ways to spend a couple hours with the master of the .44 .
1	Part of the enjoyment that I took from this film stemmed from the fact that I knew nothing more about it than that it starred John Turturro and Emily Watson ( 2 reasons enough to watch ) , was a period piece and involved chess . Everything that evolved before me was completely unexpected . I shan 't , therefore , give away much more . Suffice to say that Turturro is magnificent as an eccentric , obsessive and deeply vulnerable chess genius and Em matches him step for step as the strong-minded woman who is drawn to him . It 's about love and obsession , rather than the venerated board game and after drawing me in gradually over the first half hour , became totally compelling . And I defy anyone to second-guess the ending .
0	You 'd think the first landing on the Moon would be dramatic enough without needing to make up stuff about it . However , this documentary seems to need to cast everything in the scariest possible light . It talks about the risks associated with the lunar module and mentions Armstrong 's nearly fatal accident with the training vehicle , as if the trainer and the spacecraft had anything to do with each other . It makes the computer overload problem ( the 1202 and 1201 alarms ) encountered during the final landing sequence sound like a near-catastrophe when it was just an annoyance and not a risk to the crew at all . And it takes the " thirty seconds " call to mean thirty seconds of fuel left before running out , when it 's actually thirty seconds before an abort is mandatory . If you want to see a documentary or dramatization of Apollo 11 , go for " From the Earth to the Moon " or one of the PBS documentaries , but skip this one .
0	Despite being a 2001 movie , the direction is the kind of 90 's art-house style that was considered " old " and out-of-date a few years ago . The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch . The script is decent enough , and a few scenes did kind of captivate me ( like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night ) . But the story line with the detective who 's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible . The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair 's married boyfriend seriously bothered me . I did sit through the whole thing , though , which is rare for the kind of random , what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch .
1	( Some spoilers ) I have not read the James M. Cain novel ( `The Postman Always Rings Twice ' ) on which this movie was based , so I cannot compare this film version to it , but I have seen and love the 1946 US version ( also entitled `Postman ' ) . Even better is this gem from Italy , which , I have read , was `mutilated ' in editing because of too many blatant references to the Fascist regime . Well , no matter what is left is a fine piece of cinema , apparently the forerunner of the neo-realist movement in film-making . One can certainly see why despite whatever harsh editing did go on , a pervading sense of societal and cultural , as well as personal oppression remains , hanging heavy over the protagonists , who therefore face many limits in life . Consider Gino , the young drifter , not well educated , unemployed , and resorting to stowing away , stealing and conning people in order to get by , his one pair of shoes so threadbare as to be virtually useless . In Giovanna , he sees a way out , yet he should have kept going , as Giovanna is oppressed by her loveless marriage to an older man with some money , her job ( working at the trattoria for her husband , slaving away behind the bar and in the kitchen ) , and her sex . In the past , she had limited options , and decided to marry the restaurant / gas station owner ( Giuseppe Bregana , played by Juan de Landa ) anyway , knowing that he would not make her happy . She tells Gino that she feels sick every time Bregana touches her . On the pretext of helping Bregana fix his car and sending him into the village to buy a needed part ( which he has in fact pocketed ) , Gino wins Bregana 's favor ( promising also to fix the broken water pump water symbolizing life , or lack thereof ) and is left alone with Giovanna . They immediately start a heated , passionate , yet volatile love affair . Gino soon feels stifled by the relationship , and feels the need to move on again when Giovanna proposes that they dispose of her husband . Wanting no part of it , Gino leaves town on a train ride that he cannot afford , kindly paid for him by another gypsy-type man named Spagnolo , a fellow train passenger . To Gino , Spagnolo represents a sort of freedom , and they become friends ( Spagnolo also symbolizes Gino 's morality and conscience ) , traveling and finding work at a carnival together . Finally Gino has steady employment . To his dismay ( he is not yet over his love for Giovanna ) , a month has passed when Bregana and his wife go to the carnival and Bregana persuades Gino to go `back home ' to live and work with them again , as he is handy to have around . Too weak-willed to resist , knowing this will reunite he and Giovanna , Gino agrees and goes back to stay with the couple . After a while he gives in to Gina 's demands to get rid of her husband . Once the evil deed is done , Giovanna becomes more cold-blooded than ever , seeming to have very little conscience , while guilt and shame eat away at Gino for hurting a man who never did him any harm . As much as he wants to leave her he does again briefly , they are now inextricably linked , and must face the consequences . I liked the way the Spagnolo character came back into Gino 's life to act as a judge of his misdeeds that was very good , and interesting , adding another dimension to the story . While the ' 46 U.S. version with Lana Turner and John Garfield gets a bit lost in a quagmire of peripheral characters , especially the cops and the lawyers , Ossessione does well to concentrate much more on the psychological effects of the crime on the lovers alone . This gives the final outcome even more potency , and makes a powerful statement reinforcing the helplessness inherent in the society in which the characters must live . A minor quibble : The amount of time ( hardly any ) that elapses before undying love is pronounced by the lovers , how quickly they kill the husband ( there is no botched first attempt as in the U.S. version ) ; Gino 's very quick-to-escalate relationship with the dancer / hooker they quickly profess their love as well , and she is willing to risk a great deal for a man she just met ! all rather unrealistic , isn 't it ? I found this time-frame problem quite distracting it made me think that I must have missed something somewhere . Otherwise , well worth the viewer 's time . The acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout . Recommended .
0	What is the most harrowing movie ever made ? The gynaecological nightmare of ' Cries and Whispers ' ? The acid psychodramas of Fassbinder ? The discomfiting black comedy of ' Last House on the left ? I 'm sure for that portion of the film-loving public that tie their masts to the good ship Buster Keaton , there is only one answer - any one of his sound films . I don 't know what flayed my soul more poignantly in this movie - the grounding of Keaton 's intricate and expansive physical art to humdrum slapstick ; the painful hesitation of this master filmmaker with dialogue - not that he hasn 't a lovely , comic voice , or that he can 't make dialogue funny ; it 's just that the studio don 't seem to have given him enough takes , and so he seems to be trying to remember his lines before he delivers , which only makes him - Keaton , not his character , look silly ; or is it the humiliation of seeing Keaton caught up in a tawdry sex farce , when he has given us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in film ? No , I know what was most disturbing - having to watch Buster Keaton , cinema 's greatest comedian , sit aside to observe Jimmy Durante doing his schtick . It is horrors such as this that get yer Dantes composing yer Infernos . MGM seem to have got the curious idea that the best way to adapt Keaton to sound was to turn him into a Marx Brother , complete with verbal pedantry , elaborate , tedious ' clowning ' , shambolic slapstick , theatrical setting , triumph through chaos , and Thelma Todd . Keaton was just not that sort of comic , and where Groucho 's malicious tongue and gleeful opportunism might just have made this plot work , Buster 's socially inept professor can 't , he is too studied and predictable . What Buster needed was to be allowed experiment like Lang in ' M ' , or Rene Clair ; he would never have tried to hold back the tide like Chaplin . When a film like ' The General ' is alluded to - messing about with trains - the loss becomes even more apparent . And the thing is , in patches amid the flat direction , the film isn 't all that bad - there is an excellent jolt when a camera on the bus leaves Keaton alone at a railway station ; and the denouement , if hardly original , is at least livelier than what went before . There is something almost endearing about the way Keaton slows down a plot that needs all the zip it can get . There is a film in here about loneliness , emotionally paralysing order , the numbing effects of education etc . , struggling to get out . The best way to appreciate this film is to watch not the narrative of Professor TZ Post , but of emasculated genius Buster Keaton , trapped in a prison of mediocrity , confounded by new technology , mocked by a malevolent fate ( in this case the studio ) , retaining a stoical grace . Looked at like that , it becomes a kind of masterpiece .
0	So , Prom Night was supposed to be a horror and thriller movie . I 'm a big wuss and was scared to see this movie at the beginning , but upon seeing it , it is neither horror or thriller . I was basically making fun of the movie in my seat because it was so predictable . You could predict what was going to happen next . The young actors were alright at playing their characters , but I 'd have to say the killer was definitely at the top of the game - acting wise . Yes , I 'll give props for the plot because it was good , but it 's not thrilling or scary . There were almost zero " jump-in-your-seat " scenes . So , don 't waste ten dollars seeing it in theatres , wait ' til it comes to DVD .
1	This film is more about how children make sense of the world around them , and how they ( and we ) use myth to make sense of it all . I think it 's been misperceived , everyone going in expecting a stalkfest won 't enjoy it but if you want a deeper story , it 's here .......
0	It begins on a nice note only to falter quickly and let down expectations . Mac ( Akshay Kumar ) and Sam 's ( John Abraham ) characters are not properly built before Mac 's boss decides to hitch him with three air hostess . Rest of the drama is about how Mac , Sam and Uncle Mambo ( Paresh Rawal ) deal with situations which at times seem forced . About the cast , Paresh Rawal is a very talented actor , I thought was wasted in the role of a moody cook . Akshay Kumar is tolerable , John Abraham is very bad keeps stumbling over furniture & Rajpal Yadav is the only saving grace in the movie . The second half of the movie is funny at times , but in all a DUD ( songs are boring ) and a major let down if you are hoping for some wholesome entertainment and comedy .
1	The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN , in 1932 , caused a sensation . It may be hard to believe , 70 years later , but the film had much of the same kind of impact as THE MATRIX , or THE LORD OF THE RINGS has achieved , at a time when movies and radio were the major sources of entertainment . Tarzan became an instant pop icon , the ' noble savage ' that every woman fantasized about , and every man wished he could be . The only person unhappy about the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs , who , while he 'd agreed to MGM 's creative liberties , and enjoyed his hefty royalty checks , felt the ' dumbed down ' version of his character ( with no plans to allow him to ' grow ' ) was unfaithful to his vision ( he would start a production company , and soon be making his own ' Tarzan ' films ) . MGM , realizing the value of it 's newest ' star ' , knew the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE delivered ! The film had an interesting back story ; Cedric Gibbons , MGM 's legendary Art Director , had gotten a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel , prior to the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN , despite the fact that he 'd NEVER directed before ( the studio hadn 't anticipated the film 's impact , and didn 't think a novice director would matter much on a ' novelty ' film ... and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department chief happy ) . Gibbons , a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist , loved the freedom of pre-Code Hollywood , and decided to have TARZAN AND HIS MATE ' push the envelope ' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would frolic in a nude swim , and Jane would appear TOPLESS through most of the film . Maureen O 'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death , in 1998 , that while a double was used for the swim , she trusted the studio , and did ' a couple of days ' of filming sans top ... but it became too much of a headache trying to strategically place plants and fruit to block her nipples , and the idea was abandoned ( the film shot those days would be worth a fortune ! ) She did do a nude silhouette scene in a tent , flashed her breasts at the conclusion of her ' swim ' , and donned a revised ' jungle ' costume that was extremely provocative , very thin , and open at the sides ... and the resulting outcry would help ' create ' the Hays Office , and the self-censorship that would soon engulf the entire industry . MGM yanked Gibbons from the production ( the ' official ' reason given was his workload as Art Director ) , and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director , to appease the critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the film , as Conway was busy on 3 other projects , including VIVA VILLA ! The film incorporated the best elements of the original ( safaris , murderous tribes , Tarzan fighting jungle beasts to the death to save Jane ) , and actually improved on the storytelling . Harry Holt ( Neil Hamilton ) , from the first film , returns to Africa for ivory from the ' Elephants ' Graveyard ' , and to try to seduce Jane into returning to England , with gifts of silk dresses , underwear , and perfume . He brings with him Martin Arlington ( Paul Cavanagh ) , a crack shot and inveterate womanizer , who sneers at Holt 's chivalrous pursuit of Jane , and stalks her as a potential ' conquest ' , to be had by any means ( including killing Tarzan , if and when he can get away with it without being seen ) . Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane , and puts his foot down , refusing to allow the hunters into the Graveyard . Arlington finds his opportunity , catching the Ape Man alone , and shoots him , then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his demise . Now Jane has no reason to remain in the jungle , and she can direct them to the Graveyard , before her long voyage back to England , comforted by the oh-so-sympathetic Arlington . But a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group ... can Tarzan , being nursed back to health by his ape ' family ' , recover in time to save Jane ? While stock footage is again used extensively , the racial stereotypes of the 30s are apparent , and the gorillas are obviously actors in ape suits , TARZAN AND HIS MATE achieves a level of sophistication unsurpassed in any other ' Tarzan ' film , as well as a sexiness that even Bo Derek 's blatantly erotic TARZAN , THE APE MAN couldn 't touch . Johnny Weissmuller was in peak condition , physically , Maureen O 'Sullivan was never more beautiful , and ' Africa ' never looked more romantic , and dangerous . TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph ( although it would be drastically edited for many years ) , and remains THE classic of the series , to this day !
1	'Before the devil knows you 're dead ' is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . The acting from the excellent ensemble cast is incredible . Philip Seymour Hoffman putting in an outstanding performance and is electrifying every time he 's on screen . Ethan Hawke matches him scene for scene and Albert Finney simply chews up the screen . Marisa Tomei is , however , criminally underused , but looks amazing for her 42 years . The script is excellent , the story-line non-linear but easy enough to follow . Sidney Lumet , although not known for his blockbusters , has turned out a gem with this one !
1	On the face of it a film about women wanting to see a football match wouldn 't appeal much to somebody with little interest in football such as myself however this isn 't about football it is about discrimination and the women 's enthusiasm for the sport they love . The film opens on the day of a crucial World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain , a girl is trying to get in to Tehran 's Azadi Stadium by dressing like a boy , it looks like she will get in until a soldier tries to search her . Once caught she is taken to a small enclosure high up on the outside of the stadium where there are a handful of women who had already been caught , here they are guarded by a small group of conscript soldiers who 's leader would rather be back home tending his livestock . We never learn the character 's names but we get to know them as people as the girls plead with the guards to let them watch though a nearby gap in the wall and when refused try to get them to at least provide a commentary . As well as making an important point about the rigid gender segregation in much of present day Iran the film contains many hilarious moments such as the " disguise " one of the girls is made to wear when going to the toilet and the girl who disguised herself as a soldier and was only caught because she chose to watch the match from a seat reserved for a senior officer . The girls enthusiasm for the game is such that by the end the viewer is likely to be on the edge of their seat hoping that Iran will win and thus get to go to the finals in Germany . The soldiers aren 't shown as fundamentalists , they are just conscripts who are there because they have to be and when explaining to the girls why woman can 't watch men 's sports don 't seem that convinced by their own arguments . It is a shame that this film can 't be seen in Iran itself but it is good that the wider world can see it and thus see that ordinary Iranians aren 't a bunch of fanatics desperate to wage war on the west but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere . The cast did a great job in making their characters seem like real people rather than mere caricatures .
1	The title of this movie doesn 't make a lot of sense , until you see it in operation , because it 's the sound that a retarded young man makes while he 's operating his imaginary trolley , which is what he does all day . And he is just one of many odd characters in this surreal & at times , tragic tale of a group of slum-dwellers in Japan . There are two drunks who trade wives , there 's a man with aspirations to be a architect , and his young son who he sends out to beg for food . There 's a wise old man who seems to be the pillar of sanity within all that goes on around him , and there 's a businessman with some severe nervous tics that has a wife that treats him ( and everyone else ) like dirt . There 's no particular plot to this , really , it 's a bunch of stories that drift back & forth between each other , sometimes funny , sometimes tragic . All in all I thought it worked pretty well , & I had been dying to see this for a long time just based on its description . I was not in the least disappointed , and I 'd definitely recommend this . 9 out of 10 .
1	What a fascinating film . Even if it wasn 't based on real life , Forbidden Lies was a fascinating portrait of a con artist in her element . And it is the kind of film psychology students could study to learn about compulsive liars . The author of Forbidden Love , Norma , was revealed as a fraud in the media but this move really does give her ample opportunity to clear her name . But the twists and turns she takes the documentary maker through are amazing . What a patient woman ! I loved this movie . I have not read the book but simply heard good reviews and went to see it on boring rainy afternoon . The journey this film takes you on is clever , interesting and totally engrossing .
1	CONTAINS SPOILER With the possible exception of John Wayne , no other actor sat taller in the saddle in Westerns than James Stewart , and this movie proves it . This superb tale of revenge centered around a Winchester rifle , has only one weak spot I can think of : the casting of Will Geer as a very unEarp-like Wyatt Earp . The casting of the villains was good : Stephen McNally , as surly Dutch Henry , Dan Duryea as Waco Johnny Dean , and John McIntire ( versatile at playing both good guys and bad guys ) as a slick gun runner . The showdown between Stewart and McNally on the cliffs is great ! I 'd stack this Western against the whole crop of Westerns made today . They wouldn 't stand a chance !
0	I 'm not sure how related they are , but I 'm almost certain that Lost and Delirious is a remake of this movie ( or the story that it 's based on ) . Very similar plotline , and even some of the scenes and sets seem to be very , very similar . Lost & Delirious is actually a much better movie , so see that one instead . This one moves very slowly , but being a late 60s French movie , that is to be expected of the style . Told in a retrospect from the perspective of one of the girls revisiting the school . The editing of the flashbacks with the current scenes is a little bit confusing at first , particularly since the audio from each overlaps ( ie , hearing flashbacks while seeing the present and vice versa ) . Also , the " girls " are a bit old to think that they are in a boarding school . Finally , not much character development to even get you attached to the movie .
1	This movie is the only movie to feature a scene in which Michael Jackson wields a Tommy Gun . Plain and simple . This movie rocks because it is freaking ' hilarious ! It may be creepy to see Jacko w / little kids , but this movie also stars ... wait for it , ... JOE PESCI ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Think about it , Joe Pesci and Jacko with Tommy guns , throwing coins into jukeboxes from 20 feet away ? Whats not to like ? As stated before , THIS MOVIE ROCKS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	Director Fred Schepisi ( Roxanne ) directs this well intentioned , but inferior comedy about Albert Einstein ( Matthau ) trying to hook his scientific niece ( Ryan ) up with ordinary guy Tim Robbins in order to get her to relax and enjoy life in the 1950 's . To get Ryan to like Robbins , Einstein tries to make Robbins look like a brilliant scientist . The idea is cute , but the film falls flat with corny situations and silly dialogue . Tim Robbins , Meg Ryan , and the terrific supporting cast do their best to keep this silly comedy afloat , but are unable to rescue the film . Its unfortunate that so much talent went into producing such a lackluster movie . I would not recommend to anybody unless they are huge fans of Meg Ryan .
0	This movie is terrible . The suspense is spent waiting for a point . There isn 't much of one . Aside from a few great lines ( " I found a tooth in my apartment " ) , and the main characters dedication to killing himself , it 's a collection of supposedly eerie sounds .
0	The Haunting . A remake , of course . The original was a creepy psychological thriller , and one that has improved with time . Compared to this 1999 remake , it 's a classic . There is no character development here , only caricatures ( the slut , the authoritative brain , the " I 'm gonna get us outta here " fellow , the oh so sensitive bookworm ) . But , seeing as how the were banking on the special effects being the " star " , I guess characters that you can empathize with are a secondary concern . Unfortunately , the effects are laughable . Mewing cherubs , stretchy doors , irritating dead children that can 't speak plainly ... and an idiotically sappy ending that does it 's darnedest to give you a new age enema of butterflies and rainbows . Ill take my Skittles orally , thank you . Bruce Dern , I 've liked you since " The Cowboys " . Stop it .
1	Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity . After years of playing a wide range of parts , he can 't remember who he exactly is--who are his roles and who is the self . And , much more serious , he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life . So , since he 's currently playing in " Othello " , he begins to act jealous and suspicious--just like the title character . Ultimately , it leads him to the depths of insanity and murder . I saw this film years ago and liked it . I just saw it again and loved it . Now perhaps some of my enthusiasm is because I have always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him--and for which he earned the Best Actor Oscar . And , looking at the competition that year ( Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN 'S AGREEMENT , John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL , William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA ) , I think Colman was a very good choice , as he stretched from his usual comfort zone and did a much more demanding role . Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated Shakespeare--and this took up about half their review talking about their dislike for him . However , this film isn 't really about Shakespeare , and it doesn 't matter at all if you dislike Shakespeare . I am no huge fan of Shakespeare , but marveled at the small portions of the play that Colman re-enacted--though , as I said , this is NOT a really movie about Shakespeare . Instead , it 's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality . It could have been ANY play , though " Othello " was an excellent choice because of the murder scene--which gets acted out for real later in the film . Overall , a very clever film due to a lovely script--with some overtones of Film Noir . Fortunately , the acting was terrific also , as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso , Shelly Winters and Edmond O 'Brien ( who was particularly good--he played his part just right ) . And , considering the great George Cukor was directing , it 's no wonder it 's a wonderful film from start to finish .
1	Entertaining musical where Nathan Detroit needs $ 1,000.00 to get up a floating crap game so he entices Sky Masterson to try and get salvation army girl , played by Jean Simmons , to go with Masterson to Havana . 5 years later , Simmons would be in the missionary again in the fabulous " Elmer Gantry . " There she was sister Sharon and here she is Sister Sarah . Same temperament , different story . Frank Sinatra is that devilish Nathan Detroit . He has been engaged to Vivian Blaine for 14 years and she loathes his gambling habit . In a real change of pace , Sky Masterson was played by Marlon Brando who actually did his own singing here ! The film is saved by superlative choreography . Those dance and singing routines are fabulous . They are especially realized by Stubby Kaye as Nicely Nicely ( Johnson ) . All in all , it 's a very nice production .
0	With a movie called " Gayniggers from Outer Space " how could you go wrong ? Just throw in some over the top stereotypes for the characters , use the Village People as the main suppliers for the soundtrack , and throw in tons of gay-gags . Plot is unimportant . Too bad , this film doesn 't contain any of this and every joke misses the spot . The characters all look alike apart from the german gaynigger , one or two jokes work , the rest fails . The title made me laugh and I was prepared to laugh even more about the film . My expectation were to high apparently .
1	In her first nonaquatic role , Esther Williams plays a school teacher who 's the victim of sexual assault . She gives a fine performance , proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool . As the detective out to solve the case , George Nader gives perhaps his finest performance . And he is so handsome it hurts ! John Saxon is the student under suspicion , and although he gets impressive billing in the credits , it 's Edward Andrews as his overly-protective father who is the standout . Bathed in glorious Technicolor , The Unguarded Moment is irresistible hokum and at times compelling drama .
1	I didn 't know what to make of this film . I guess that is what it was all about really . I have never seen a film like it and I doubt that I really ever will again . Glover puts together something that is unique to him . I think to appreciate it you have to read some of his poetry , maybe see one of his slide shows . I really like this guy , he is just so bizarre I can 't help it . Note : I saw this film before it was through its final editing , so maybe what I have seen and what others have seen are different . I will know , I guess , if I choose to view the film again . I think I will have to be properly drug influenced ...
0	The only way to get anything out of this film is to approach it as a comedy . Seen in that light , it does deliver . If you 're looking for a serious movie , look somewhere else . This film has absolutely no depth and offers little more than a cursory and one dimensional examination of " issues " with no insight whatsoever . Making a movie about stereotypes and then making every single character in your movie a stereotype is an extremely poor strategy - especially when those same characters only break their hackneyed molds in predictable , stereotypical ways . Busta Rhymes and Ice Cube make the film almost watchable , and Michael Rappaport turns in a good performance , but the script is so awful and the social commentary is so trite , it 's hard to find anything redeeming .
0	I hired out Hybrid on the weekend . What a disappointment ! A stupid lame attempt at a tele-movie . The guy they got for the lead was totally weak and when running { he did a lot } looked like he was eating those minty sweets ... with his backside ! The wolf contacts he wore were great , though I feel the actor relied on them too much , as there was nothing menacing about his acting at all . The wise native American Indian chick has to be one of the most stony hard faced hags ever seen . Talk about a sour cow ! She smiled about once for the entire film , and I think that is because she had sex . The sex scene was lame too . They may as well have shown blowing curtains , if you can dig that . Last of all , and this is a big pet hate of mine , on the cover and the DVD menu , the losers digitally drew in cool sharp teeth on the guy . They were nowhere to be seen in the film . : (
0	Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most gifted comedians in film today . With his hyperactive spontaneity and his rubber face he can just go crazy , and we love him for it . He has the ability to make mediocre comedies ( ala Ace Ventura ) , and turn them into decent comedic outings . Or , in the case of ' Liar Liar ' , make them some of the most hilarious contemporary comedies around . Carrey has also proven himself capable of tackling dramas . He was excellent in both ' Man on the Moon ' and ' The Truman Show . ' The guy is remarkable . Then comes ' Bruce Almighty , ' an ideal vehicle for Carrey , and a premise that should have worked ; Carrey , after complaining about God and how his life stinks , is enabled with God 's powers . However , the script is pure recycled garbage . Now , no matter how bad a script is , Carrey 's improvisation alone sometimes makes an unfunny scene funny . The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to be unleashed because so much of the comedy relies on silly special effects , only some of which are amusing . Carrey is rarely able to improvise because he has to work around the special effects . The writers apparently thought that all these special effects and superpower sequences were funny , because the rest of the movie is simply filler giving Carrey nothing else to work with besides a whiny character who is absolutely humorless . He seems more like a 5-year yearning for our attention , wanting the viewer to find what he is doing funny , when it 's really just annoying . I have always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston on ' Friends ' and she was superb in last year 's ' The Good Girl . ' She too has a gift for comedy , but with the script as linear as it is , she is simply given the part of the bitter girlfriend . She comes across as nagging , grumpy , and there is no chemistry between the two stars . ' Bruce Almighty ' should have been a comedy that works . But it doesn 't even have the guts to tackle the subject matter that it 's making fun of ; religion . A few minor giggles ( his internet is Yehweh ) , but instead it 's just turned into a comedic superpower comedy . Not to mention that it 's tone shifts from silly to heavy-handed , and even black comedy at times . The movie fails on nearly every level . That 's not to see it is entirely devoid of laughs , but it 's close . Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of a dog peeing to get it 's laughs has problems . But hey , if you find pee jokes funny , go for it .
0	( some spoilers ) - as if you wouldn 't know how it 'll end My expectations for HOLLOW MAN were high . A very good commercial , a director like Paul Verhoeven and actors like Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue , plus a very interesting theme - invisibility . Every premise for a great movie was accomplished . Unfortunately these things didn 't matter at all . The movie was very very week , without suspense and awfully predictable . It 's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility . After the tests on animals succeeded , Kevin Bacon decides to test it on himself . Once he 's invisible , he changes completely , realizing the advantages of not being seen . From this to murder there 's a very thin line . Hollow Man is an ill movie . It suffers of the disease that many new movies have : the special effects . From a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller , Verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects , without giving a damn about the real value of the movie . I must admit , the fx are awesome , probably the best i have seen since Matrix , but that 's not enough to make a movie good . Actually that 's the problem with the movies today . Just like Verhoeven , most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more . The exceptions are very few , and probably the Matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot . After Starship Troopers , Verhoeven disappoints again . In stead of a great film , HM is cr * p . There are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie : 1. the special effects 2. the joke with Superman and Wonder Woman ( i won 't spoil this moment for you ... ) Okay , so what went wrong with the movie ? Everything . Let 's see what i can remember . --- It 's not tensed at all . It should 've been , but it 's not . --- It 's too predictable . You know from the beginning who will die and who will live . --- In stead of focusing on the psychological part , Verhoeven cares only about the effects . --- Very many cliches . --- Of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying . --- Just like in every low quality horror , the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible . Every time there is somebody alone in the lab , perfect victim for Bacon . --- Some holes in the plot . Example : at the beginning , Bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab . After he 's invisible , how can he do that ? --- The ending : absolutely horrible . --- After Shue hits Bacon in the head , Bacon falls down to the ground . Then Shue and Brolin leave quietly and slowly , without looking back . Is that normal ? Then Bacon gets up , attacks them , they " kill " him again . And then Shue screams " I heard an explosion " ( happened minutes ago ) , and they suddenly run inside . Didn 't she hear that explosion some time before ? --- There 's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors . Come on , Mr Verhoeven , i expected much more from you ! So that 's about Hollow Man . What was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam . Vote : 4 out of 10 ( for the special effects )
1	Kubrick proved his brilliantness again , now in a suspense-horror film based on Stephen King 's book titled the same way . Jack Torrance is a man in his forties , married , with one child , and with a past of trouble and alcoholism . The Overlook Hotel in Colorado suspends service during the winter because of its extreme weather , and there is a well-paid job for the person who takes care of the facilities during those five months ; and Torrance , who was looking to become a writer , found it perfect . But , the manager advised Torrance about the loneliness in this place during the winter , potentially dangerous , and told him that some caretaker in the past went crazy and murdered his family . Even before they got there , his son Danny , who has some sort of imaginary friend who illuminates him the future ( shinning ) , knew the place wasn 't good and didn 't want to go . Once they installed themselves in the hotel , things started right but within a month , Jack began acting strange , irritated , and depressed . At this point , we know something is going to happen , but don 't know when and how . Scary things happen such as the appearance of two twin girls talking to Danny , and someone who attacked him violently . They are not alone in this place . Later on , Jack started to see other people and immediately felt good with them , like if they were his family ; among them the famous psychotic caretaker , Delbert Grady . Grady tells Torrance that he must kill his family because they are " intruders " in the hotel . Obeying this order , Jack went for the objective and many of the most scary things I 've ever seen happen here . The ending is spectacular and the viewers will stay interested and shocked until the last minute .
1	This is a cleaver film featuring love through the ages . The film consists of Keaton seeking out a lady love in the stone age , in ancient Rome and in the present ( 1920s ) . In all three cases , he is the usual wimpy Buster and he battles against Wallace Beery for his lady love . Of the three time periods , I think I liked the Roman one best even though I admit it might have also been the cheesiest . I actually liked the scenes with the lion that was obviously a guy in a costume as well as the weird chariot race in the snow--but what I really enjoyed the most was seeing all of Keaton 's amazing acrobatics . However , all three time periods were good old fashioned fun and the film , while not his best , is still an exceptional and enjoyable film . Check it out !
0	This movie had good intentions and a good story to work with . The director and screenwriter of this movie failed miserably and created a dull , boring filmstrip that made me feel like I was back in Mr. Hartford 's 8th grade Social Studies class -- way back in 67 . What a waste , will somebody please take this story and make a real movie out of it - the story deserves it . Every time a scene had potential , all we were left with were a few clichs , combined with black and white footage that they probably got from The History Channel to show the action . Shameful . Ossie Davis was the only bright light in this dull fest . The other acting was incredibly dull - it fit in with the movie well and whomever played the Captain set a new low standard for line delivery . However , if you are willing to accept all the numerous flaws in this movie and aren 't concerned with being awed or entertained , but want to learn about the USS Mason , it is worth a watch .
1	Screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival under the title ' Come Undone ' , April 25 , 26 , & 27 , 2001 . The cinematographer uses techniques that add to the storytelling . Even with fall / winter backgrounds for the ' present ' and spring summer for the ' flashbacks ' there can be some difficulty following the continuity . Whether either lead is gay , the actors well-portray the budding relationship in real life terms ; from physical violence toward each other to their passionate lovemaking . The story pulls you into the characters a bit slowly in the beginning . But as the end approaches , you really care about where these guys will be next summer ! You , too , will want a sequel to find out .
0	Honestly , I was disappointed in " Expiration Date . " Super clever title and interesting premise , but I don 't think it delivered . What was it about ? The main character 's desire to reconnect with his Native roots ? Or , more likely , it was his need to overcome his fear of death . But , he wasn 't set up as someone who has lived his life in fear -- it seems as if his life was going fine , but since doomsday is approaching he should now start worrying . I didn 't buy it . Meanwhile , the supporting characters in the film didn 't seem to have needs that blended into an overarching story . They were all just doing their thing , running parallel to the main character . Also , what was treated as a " curse " looked more like a coincidence . Who cursed the family ? Why ? When ? Finally , why didn 't he just plan on staying in his apartment all day on his birthday ? Those are my criticisms , but I did love the shots of Seattle , cinematography was beautiful , acting was good in the times it wasn 't outstanding .
0	There is only one thing essential to thorough appreciation of The Indian Runner . Unzip your trousers . Peek inside . Is there evidence of a Y chromosome ? Okay , you 'll do . This film has all the male requisites : blood , guns , car chases , fond women , death , multiple tattoos , cigarettes , liquor , violence , pyrotechnics -- what have I left out ? -- oh , yeah , blowtorches . As a woman , I seriously hope Sean Penn regards this as a `when I was a child ... ' kind of effort . Since he both wrote and directed the thing , he 's nearly solely responsible . An uneven cast ( Viggo Mortensen as usual demonstrating brilliantly how the job 's supposed to be done ) tries to save Penn . Too late . The lines and action are there . Even devoted , skilled acting can 't change those . I found this movie puerile and silly , as well as predictable . The dialogue staggers along -- Sandy Dennis has my respect for trying to breathe life into a woodenly maternal monologue without motherly authenticity . Then she dies . After a bit , so does the protagonists ' father , played by Charles Bronson . Their absence is hardly noticeable . At intervals , the pyrotechnics , etc . , noted above appear to liven things up and scare the audience into thinking something significant is occurring . If you 're male and under 25 , you may adore this film . Plan to return to it at 35 . Think you 'll still like it ? I don 't think so .
1	I just saw this episode this evening , on a recently-added presentation by one of our local independent channels , which now presents two episodes each weekday . As the gentleman opined in the other , previous comment here , I agree this may not have been one of the best programs of the series , but I find it entertaining nonetheless . My father was a friend of one of the principals ( in my hometown , Cincinnati ) , for whom young Rod Serling had worked in the media there -- and I remember Dad telling how talented and creative he was remembered there . Overall " Twilight Zone " is certainly one of the true classics in television , and given its production during the height of the Cold War period , provides not only a view of this era in the country , but also ( today ) a nostalgic picture of production techniques , creative viewpoints and the actors of this era several decades ago . * Minor " spoiler . " * This particular story depicts , as did other presentations in this series and elsewhere , a story where the locale is meant to provide a " surprise " ending . Sometimes the characters are on earth , from elsewhere , while the story at first implies at least one is an " Earthling . " These usually contained the message ( as here ) of a situation prompted by the doomsday buttons having finally been pressed by the super powers during this Cold War period . Viewed today , stories like this one provide a nostalgic look at this worldly viewpoint 4-5 decades ago , and still provide some food-for-thought . -- as did this episode . While the dialog may not have stretched the considerable talents of the leads , it still presents a simple , important message , and a worthwhile 20-some minutes of entertainment and interest .
1	This movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion . From the careful descriptions of the crime scenes to the mental health of the lead investigator , you 'll be entranced . It 's an absolute must-see for anyone interested in criminology . Interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great . Not overly done either . I recommend it for anyone interested in Russian history , too . How the police work with the political party being what it was ... It is truly fascinating and frustrating . The settings are beautiful . It 's been a while since I saw this movie the first time . It doesn 't diminish it 's impact . Not overly dramatic or graphic , it leaves enough to the imagination , well , you 'll see .
1	Yet again , early morning television proves an invaluable resource for films that I otherwise would never have been able to track down . At four o 'clock in the morning , I stumbled out of bed to begin recording ' The Informer ( 1935 ) , ' my fourth film from prolific American director John Ford , and an excellent one at that . Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922 , the screenplay was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O 'Flaherty . Though he was born in the United States , and is most renowned for his " Americana " pictures , both of Ford 's parents were Irish , which explains the director 's decision to direct the film . Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan , a brutish but well-meaning ruffian who informs on an old friend , Frankie McPhillip ( Wallace Ford ) , in order to claim the 20 reward for his girlfriend , Katie ( Margot Grahame ) . When Frankie is killed during his attempted arrest , the Irish Republican Army , of which both Frankie and Gypo were members , begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident , every clue bringing them closer and closer to the real culprit . Meanwhile , Gypo is plagued with guilt for his friend 's untimely death , and descends into a bout of heavy-drinking that rivals Don Birnam in ' The Lost Weekend ( 1945 ) ' in its excessiveness . As Gypo drowns his sorrows in copious volumes of alcohol , trapped in a vicious little circle of depression , his extravagant spending captures the attention of the investigating IRA members . For the one time in his life , Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers ( including an amusing J.M. Kerrigan ) , who enthusiastically clap him on the back and christen him " King Gypo " for his physical might . However , it 's obvious that these people feel no affection for the man , and are simple showing him attention to exploit him for money . The additional 20 brought by Frankie 's death could never buy Gypo an assembly of friends indeed , in a bitter twist of irony , the money was only made possible by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions . A relatively simple fellow , Gypo could not possibly have fully considered the consequences of his actions , and is eventually offered forgiveness on account of his " not knowing what he was doing , " but his foolishness must not go unpunished . Criticism is occasionally levelled at Ford 's film for its allegedly propagandistic support of a " terrorist " organisation . Though this stance obviously depends on one 's personal views { I certainly don 't know enough Irish history to pass judgement } , there 's no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as selfless , dedicated and impartial , a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I ever saw it . However , the main theme of the story is that of betrayal ; driven by intense poverty , one ordinary man betrays the confidence of his good friend , and comes to deeply regret his actions . The tormented Gypo is played mainly for pity , and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfying existence , culminating in one terrible decision that condemns him to an uneasy death . ' The Informer ' was John Ford 's first major Oscar success , winning a total of four awards ( from six nominations ) , including Best Actor for McLaglen { who snatched the statue from the three-way favourites of ' Mutiny on the Bounty ( 1935 ) ' } , Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols { who declined the award due to Union disagreements } .
1	I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy . Brosnan is genius ; as anyone will now testify , he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role . Kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role . I don 't know if I 've laughed as hard during any movie ! What an unexpected pleasure ! My favourite line would be ' I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town ' . Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse . I was also very impressed with Hope Davis 's performance . It seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy . If you liked the dark and hilarious ' The Weather Man ' , you will definitely like this . I voted 10 .
1	The previous reviewer has said it exactly . I saw it once , was enchanted , saw it a second time when it was re-broadcast within a week or two of the first airing . I still remember some of the scenes . The setting is the opening of the 20th century , the war referred to in the title is World War I. One of the scenes was set in a women-only section of a public place , which was an interesting historical note . The moment when one of the women first touches the other is one of my all-time great movie moments . I don 't think of this as a " gay movie , " it 's an interesting and tender period love story , where the two principals happen to be women . I would love to see this movie again ; I would buy this one if it ever came out on DVD .
1	I have no idea what people are complaining about . I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it . Stone once again delivered a great character . She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct . She still has those smart but tricky answers . Although Sharon may be 48 years old ... she looks amazing ! I don 't care if she 's as fake as a Barbie . She looks good and that 's that . Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first . Sex , violence , and a great ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours ! Half the people commenting on this movie haven 't even saw it . So don 't listen to them .
1	A year after losing gorgeous Jane Parker ( Maureen O 'Sullivan ) to love rival Tarzan , hunter Harry Holt ( Neil Hamilton ) returns to the jungle to have another bash at winning the brunette babe 's heart . Mixing business with pleasure , he also plans to grab himself some ivory from the elephant graveyard that lies beyond the Mutia escarpment , Tarzan 's stomping ground . Accompanied by his slimy , womanising pal Martin Arlington and a group of expendable bearers , Harry finally arrives at his destination ( having narrowly avoided death at the hands of savage natives and rock-hurling apes ) only to find that Jane is still infatuated with her musclebound yodeller , and worse still , that Tarzan is refusing to let the hunters take any ivory from the graveyard . Nasty Arlington decides to resolve matters by ambushing and shooting the ape-man and then telling Jane and Holt that Tarzan was attacked and eaten by a crocodile . Of course , Tarzan isn 't deadonly wounded ; after being nursed back to health by Cheetah ( ! ) , he swings back into action just in time to rescue Jane from a tribe of vicious lion-eating savages who have attacked Holt 's expedition . Tarzan And His Mate , the second movie to star Weismuller as the jungle man of few words , is often cited by fans as the best of the series ; although I slightly prefer the original , I can definitely understand the film 's popularity : it 's damn sexy and there are some great action sequences ! The undeniable chemistry between Weismuller and O 'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to some pretty steamy scenes , and with both stars wearing eensy-weensy outfits throughout , there 's eye-candy aplenty for viewers of both sexes to enjoy ( despite O 'Sullivan 's much-touted underwater nude scene actually being performed by a body double , the lovely lass still shows plenty of skin , even threatening to do a ' Sharon Stone ' at one point as her loin cloth flaps to one side ! ) . The film 's most exciting moments come in the form of a wonderful underwater fight between Tarzan and a crocodile , and the spectacular final where Jane is attacked by lions and natives , but is rescued by her beau , his monkey pals , and a load of elephants in full-on lion-crushing mode ( once again , the violence is surprisingly nasty at times , although as far as I am concerned , there is nothing quite as shocking as the vicious pygmies and their gorilla pit from the first film ) . Cheetah also has his fair share of excitement , dodging rhinos , crocs , and big cats , riding on Tarzan 's back as he crosses a river , and even hopping onto an ostrich for a ride . Like it 's predecessor , Tarzan And His Mate does suffer slightly from some bad effects and unconvincing propsdodgy back projection , a few laughable monkey suits , more Indian elephants masquerading as their African cousins , and poorly disguised trapeze swingsbut these shouldn 't spoil your enjoyment of this very entertaining film . If anything , they make it even more fun ! 8.5 out of 10 , rounded up to 9 for IMDb .
0	This movie is S-L-O-W . Spent most of the movie actually waiting for it to ' begin ' . The setting was bleak , the script was bleak , the cinematography was bleak , the plot was bleak , the budget was low ( not that all low budget movies are bad , but this one had no redeeming features ) . The plot was more consumed with a vengeful , slightly deranged hunter than the actual Wendigo which made a very brief appearance toward the end of the movie . This in itself was disappointing as this ' Wendigo ' was just a bizarre mix of a tree and a stag . Everything about the movie was uninspiring . The parents of the little boy appeared to be rather aloof and at times seemed completely detached from their son . Whether this was down to bad acting or a bad script I 'm not sure , but it only heightened my disappointment and boredom levels . There was no food for thought , nothing to pique an interest . With no real intrigue or chill factor , this movie creaked along so painfully , you just couldn 't care less what happened by the end . Wendigo 's ambiance reminds me of the dull movie shown at the awards ceremony toward the end of ' Mr Bean 's Holiday ' : a movie which is artistic and nonsensical , trying too hard to to be deep and meaningful , but coming across as pretentious and boring . I would never want to watch this again . I only watched it to the end in the vain hope that something interesting might happen ... but it didn 't .
1	The most hillarious and funny Brooks movie I ever seen . I can watch and re-watch the tape 100 times . I laugh my a * * off and I cry on some moments . It is really good and funny movie , and if you like Brooks - this is a must ! In short - Brooks ( billionare ) gets to the streets as homeless for 30 days in order to win the entire poor district from his competitor . The reality bites , but in the end - it is about warm relations between humans ... Hightly recommend !
1	This movie is great fun to watch if you love films of the organized crime variety . Those looking for a crime film starring a charismatic lead with dreams of taking over in a bad way may be slightly disappointed with the way this film strides . It is a fun romp through a criminal underworld however and if you aren 't familiar with Hong Kong films , then you may be pleasantly surprised by this one . I was somewhat disappointed by some of the choices made story-wise but overall a good crime film . Some things did not make sense but that seems to be the norm with films of the East . People just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior . It 's a slightly annoying pattern that permeates even in this film .
1	I found ' Time At The Top ' an entertaining and stimulating experience . The acting , while not generally brilliant , was perfectly acceptable and sometimes very good . As a film obviously aimed at the younger demographic , it is certainly one of the better works in the genre ( Children 's Sci-Fi ) . Normally , I would say that Canada , the United Kingdom and Australia produce the best movies and TV shows for children , and ' Time At The Top ' does nothing to discount this theory ! I don 't think that continuity and great acting are important to younger people . A good plot and an imaginative screenplay are far more important to them . Both are in abundance in this film . The special effects are good , without detracting from the story , or closing the viewers off from their own imaginations . It would have been very easy to inject an over-load of SFX in this film , but it would have totally destroyed its entire ' Raison D 'etre ' . The settings and camera work are of a very high standard in this movie , and complement the fine wardrobe and historical accuracy . Overall , this film is highly satisfactory , and I recommend it to all viewers who can see the world through children 's eyes , or those that try to , like myself ! Now , I really must read the original book , as soon as possible .
0	My , how the mighty have fallen . Kim Basinger is a great actress but she was definitely slumming when she took this role . This movie is bad for one reason in particular : lapses in logic . Its looks like one of those movies that would have been passable with all its plot holes if it had came out in the 80s and 90s but in 2008 it just looks real stupid . This is the worst thriller I 've ever seen and I 've seen The Bone Collector and Twisted . The story details Della ( Kim Basinger ) is just getting from buying gifts in a mall an is harassed by a gang of thugs that end up killing a cop that came to her aid . From then on she is chased by these idiotic goons through an abandoned street and she gets rid of them one by one with a toolbox full of tools . So many things are wrong with this movie . As I said this movie leaps over logic at every turn and with the exception of Kim Basinger , the acting is made-for-TV bad . Hell , this pseudo thriller is made-for-TV bad . The way she kills each of these politically correct thugs ( 1 Caucasian , 1 Hispanic , 1 Asian and 1 African American all coming together to stalk a Caucasian woman . Don 't you just love America ? ) is laughable to a fault . The way she killed the Hispanic guy made me laugh hysterically . The sex scene with the main hoodlum was so out in left field that it make you shake your head in shame . I only recommend this to lovers of bad films and no one else . Anybody else especially Kim Basinger fans would do well not to own this flick . You don 't want see an actress you respect in a film this bad now do you ? Of course not . You were warned .
1	Blonde and Blonder has Pamela Anderson and Denise Richards in almost every scene and if you want more from a movie you 're being utterly unreasonable . It feels like a late era Carry On , when the series was no longer blazing trails , but was still more funny than not , think Behind or England and you won 't be too far off the mark . Pamela and Denise are bubbly , charming and clearly aware this isn 't a masterpiece they 're making , although you can give me it over lots of things I 'm told to like . The supporting cast are energetic , even if some of them aren 't particularly good ; I can 't see a couple of duff turns in a movie that 's already practically forgotten making much difference to anything , so just smile . I really do think Blonde and Blonder is ace and I hope you hate me for it .
1	i think that this film is brilliant.there are many reasons why but these are some of them 1 ) the good acting by Tom and Tyler 2 ) brilliant machine gun scene that was a piece of brilliance 3 ) i thought that the ending was a good twist because i never expected that at the end all credit to Sam Mendes.as well as a these 3 points the film form of the film is good as well. i am a film student at college and we studied this film in great detail and it was one of the best films i have seen in many years. i 'd just like to say a big thank you to all of the people involved in making this film. lastly i would like to say the best scene in the film is the machine gun scene where John Rooney gets kill it is just pure brilliance in shooting the scene in silence until John Rooney says " i 'm glad it 's you " it is a lot better like that i think because the viewer creates there own sound and that sound is totally different for every viewer just brilliant. thank you for reading this comment written by Ross Kirk aged 16
0	OK the director remakes LOVE ACTUALLY The director Nikhil Advani after debuting with KHNH does his second half and wait He makes a 3 : 30 hours + film which loses on patience , time.etc The viewer seems like a 3 hrs sleep watching this film OK they had 6 stories so it was necessary but why ? 6 stories ? We have the Anil- Juhi story convincing but boring don 't TV serials show such stories ? We have Govinda- Shannon story which is funny and works well We have Akshaye-Ayesha story again believable but gets boring soon and the focus is on comedy more and that too slapstick boring comedy We have Salman- Priyanka story which is the worst , not just acting terms , it makes no sense at all We have Sohail- Isha story to make you laugh and the trick works at times thanks to the boredom set by most of other stories We have John- Vidya story a good story in all respects But then by the time all stories come in bits n pieces the viewer gets bored and sleepy The climax isn 't appealing though especially The climax of Salman- Priyanka story Nikhil Advani 's handling is alright at places , some stories are well handled but weak at places Music ( SEL ) is good , but too many songs Cinematography is nice , every story is given a different look , texture and it works Actors Govinda rocks , after a dismissal comeback with BB he actually makes you laugh and love him in this film despite his age and weight Anil Kapoor acts his part well , though he looks out of shape and tired John excels in his part , Akshaye Khanna overacts for a change Sohail Khan is too over- the - top and Isha has nothing to do Anjana Suknani is dismissal Priyanka and Salman deserve an award for this film you are shocked ? Salman Khan doesn 't act only , just talks like he is in his sleep and that fake accent oh god Priyanka overacts to such a standard you feel like throwing something on her , she does get better towards the end Vidya Balan is good , Juhi Chawla is okay Shannon is okay
1	* ! ! - SPOILERS - ! ! * Before I begin this , let me say that I have had both the advantages of seeing this movie on the big screen and of having seen the " Authorized Version " of this movie , remade by Stephen King , himself , in 1997 . Both advantages made me appreciate this version of " The Shining , " all the more . Also , let me say that I 've read Mr. King 's book , " The Shining " on many occasions over the years , and while I love the book and am a huge fan of his work , Stanley Kubrick 's retelling of this story is far more compelling ... and SCARY . Kubrick really knows how to convey the terror of the psyche straight to film . In the direction of the movie AND the writing of the screenplay , itself , he acquired the title " Magus " beyond question . Kubrick 's genius is like magic . The movie world lost a great director when he died in 1999 . Among his other outstanding credits are : Eyes Wide Shut , 1999 ; Full Metal Jacket , 1987 ; Barry Lyndon , 1975 ; A Clockwork Orange , 1971 ; 2001 : A Space Odyssey , 1968 ; Spartacus , 1960 and many more . The Torrences ( Jack , Wendy his wife and Danny , their son ) are living in the Overlook Hotel for the winter ; Jack has been hired as the caretaker . It is his job to oversee the upkeep of the hotel during the several months of hard snow , until spring when the Overlook reopens its doors . It seems there are many wealthy and jaded tourists who will flock to the Colorado Mountains for a snow-filled summer getaway . The Hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and staging . It lent to the atmosphere , by having a dark , yet at the same time " welcoming " atmosphere , itself . The furnishings and furniture was all period ( late 70 's - early 80 's ) , and the filmography of the landscape approaching the hotel in the opening scene is brilliant . It not only lets you enjoy the approach to the Overlook , it also fixes in your mind how deserted and isolated the Hotel is from the rest of the world . The introduction of Wendy and Danny 's characters was a stroke of genius . You get the whole story of their past , Danny 's " imaginary friend , " Tony , and the story of Jack 's alcoholism all rolled into this nice , neat introductory scene . There was no need in stretching the past history out over two hours of the movie ; obviously , Kubrick saw that from the beginning . Closing Day . Again , the scenic drive up the mountains to the Hotel ( this time , with family in tow ) , the interaction between Jack and Danny was hilarious while also portraying a very disturbing exchange . The initial tour through the Overlook is quite breathtaking , even as the " staff " is moving things out , you get a chance to see the majestic fire places , the high cathedral ceilings and expensive furnishings , dormants and crown moldings in the architecture . " They did a good job ! Pink and gold are my favorite colors . " ( Wendy Torrence ) Even the " staff wing " is well designed and beautifully built . The maze was a magnificent touch , reminiscent of the Labyrinth in which the Minotaur of Crete was Guardian . When Jack Nicholson stands at the scaled model of the maze and stares into the center , seeing Wendy and Danny entering , it 's a magickal moment ; one that tells you right away , there are heavy energies in that house ; there 's something seriously wrong , already starting . " I wouldn 't want to go in there unless I had at least an hour to find my way out . " ( The Hotel Manager ) Scatman Cruthers , as Dick Halloran , was genuine and open in his performance . His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful . You could actually believe you were there in the hotel , taking the tour of the kitchen with Wendy and " Doc . " His explanation of " the shining " to Danny was very well delivered , as was his conversation with the child about Tony and the Hotel . It was believable and sincere . The cut out and pan scan of the hotel itself , with the mountains looming behind , the cold air swirling about , mist coming up from the warm roof of the snowbound hotel , adds so MUCH to the atmosphere of the movie . It also marks the " half-way-to-hell " point , so to speak ; the turning point in the movie . Shelley Duvall 's portrayal of Wendy Torrence was masterful . ( So WHAT if she also played Olive Oyl ? ! It just shows her marvelous diversity ! ) Honestly , before I saw the movie on the big screen in 1980 , I said , " What ? Olive Oyl ? * lol * ( Popeye was also released in 1980 . ) But I took that back as soon as the movie started . She 's brilliant . In this Fiend 's opinion , this is her best performance , to date ! ( Although I did love her in Steve Martin 's " Roxanne , " 1987 . ) Once Kubrick has established the pearly bits of information of which you , the viewer , need to be in possession : the Torrence 's past ; Danny 's broken arm ; Tony ; the history of the Hotel itself ; the fact that Danny is not " mental , " but rather clairvoyant instead , and the general layout of the Hotel ; all of which you get in the opening 3 sequences ; the movie never stops scaring you . The two butchered daughters of the previous caretaker , Delbert Grady ( the girls having appeared several times to Danny , first by way of Tony in the apartment before the family ever left for the hotel ) were icons with which Danny could identify , and of which he was afraid , at the same time . They were haunting ( and haunted ) , themselves and showed Danny how and where they were killed , in a rather graphic and material way . Kubrick 's Tony was written as an attendant spirit , like a spirit guide which he acquired as a result of his arm nearly being wrenched off his body by his own father . He was ... " the little boy who lives in my mouth . " He would manifest in the end of Danny 's finger and physically spoke through Danny in order to speak TO Danny . NOT like in the book , I realize , where Tony was intended by Stephen King to be the projection of Danny as an older boy , trying to save his father . Kubrick left out that little twist and it somehow made it more frightening when Tony " took ... Danny ... over . " The idea of Danny 's older self projecting back to his younger self isn 't ... scary . The " Woman in the Shower " scene , done by Lia Beldan ( about whom I can find no other credits for having done anything before , or since ) as the younger woman and Billie Gibson ( who ALSO appears to suffer from a lack of credits for works before or since ) , was seductively obnoxious and thoroughly disgusting . It was dramatic , and frightening . Abhorrent and scary . When Nicholson looks into the mirror and sees her decomposing flesh beneath his hands ; the look of sheer terror on his face was so complete and REAL . Jack quickly embarks on his trek from the " jonesing " alcoholic to a certifiable insane person . The degradation of his character 's mental state is carefully and thoroughly documented by Kubrick . Jack 's instant friendship with Lloyd the Bartender ( as only alcoholics , would-be mental patients and drug addicts do ) portrays his pressing NEED of the atmosphere to which Lloyd avails him ; namely , alcohol ... " hair of the dog that bit me . " ( Jack Torrence ) In Jack 's case , it 's bourbon on the rocks , at no charge to Jack . " Orders from the house . " ( Lloyd the Bartender ) Nice play on words . When Wendy find 's Jack 's " screenplay " is nothing more than page after page of the same line typed over and over , albeit in 8 or 9 different creative styles ... when he asks from the shadows , " How do you like it ? " and Wendy whirls and screams with the baseball bat in her hand ... is so poignant . It 's the point where she realizes how messed up the whole situation is ... how messed up Jack is . It 's very scary , dramatic and delivers a strong presence . That coupled with Danny 's visions of the hotel lobby filling with blood , imposed over the scene between Jack and Wendy , and with the confrontational ending to this scene , make this possibly THE strongest scene of the movie . The " REDRUM " scene . Wow . What do I say ? What mother would not be totally freaked by awakening to find their young , troubled son standing over them with a huge knife , talking in that freaky little voice , exclaiming " REDRUM " over and over ? Even if it HAD no meaning , it would still be as scary as the 7th level of HELL . It was something everyone could ( and has ) remember ( ed ) . Speaking of memorable scenes ... Nicholson 's final assault on his family with an axe was perhaps one of the scariest scenes of movie history . His ad-libbed line , " Heeeeere 's Johnny ! " was a stroke of brilliance and is one of the most memorable scenes in the history of horror . It also goes down in horror movie history . The ending .. ? Kubrick 's ending was perfection . I felt it ended beautifully . No smarm , no platitudinous whining , no tearfully idiotic ending for THIS movie . Just epitomized perfection . That 's all I 'll say on the subject of the ending . Who cares what was taken out ? ! Look what Kubrick put IN . Rent it , watch it , BUY IT . It 's a classic in the horror genre , and for good reason . IT RAWKS ! ! * Me being Me * ... Take this movie , and sitck it in your Stephen King collection , and take the 1997 " Authorized " version done by King and stick it down in the kiddie section . That 's where it belongs . . : This movie rates a 9.98 from the Fiend : .
0	The plot of The Thinner is decidedly thin . And gross . An obese lawyer drives over the Gypsy woman , and the Gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight ... to the bone . OK , Gypsy curses should be entertaining , but the weight-losing gone bad ? Nope . Except Stephen King thinks so . And Michael McDowell , other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film , does so , too . The lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible , he is fat too , haha ! The Thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he / she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness . Hey , I can only say : Well , look at the mirror .
0	My wife and I watch a film every night with no distractions , and mostly artsy films that require thought . I have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom . My wife has double the attention span that I do . All that being said-- this film is just plain empty and BORING ! It went nowhere . Never blossomed . It started fairly strong with a promising plot ... then she bakes cookies ... goes to Spain ... she sulks , she stares ... the credits roll . Uneven , full of holes , false starts & dead ends . We FF 'd through several extended sequences of her just staring off into space . Artificial depth was implied when she played with the mud and cried . Zzzz ... It 's like a beautifully shot chick-flick that 's pretending to be deep or artsy . You never get to know nor understand Morvern at all . About halfway through you just don 't care anymore . We just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop . Don 't waste your time on this . I 'm shocked it scores so high .
0	The film is bad . There is no other way to say it . The story is weak and outdated , especially for this country . I don 't think most people know what a " walker " is or will really care . I felt as if I was watching a movie from the 70 's . The subject was just not believable for the year 2007 , even being set in DC . I think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end . Most didn 't stay for the Q & A either . I don 't think Schrader really thought the film out ahead of time . Many of the scenes seemed to be cut short as if they were never finished or he just didn 't know how to finish them . He jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on . I really didn 't get Woody 's ( Carter ) private life or boyfriend either . What were all the " artistic " male bondage and torture pictures ( from Iraq prisons ) about ? What was he thinking ? I think it was his very poor attempt at trying to create this dark private subculture life for Woody 's character ( Car ) . It didn 't work . It didn 't even seem to make sense really . The only good thing about this film was Woody Harrelson . He played his character ( Car ) flawlessly . You really did get a great sense of what a " walker " may have been like ( say twenty years ago ) . He was great and most likely will never get recognized for it . As for Lauren , Lily and Kristin ... Boring . Don 't see it ! It is painful ! Unless you are a true Harrelson fan .
0	Shiner , directed by Christian Calson , centers around three " couples " and their relationships with obsession and violence . Pretty good start as far as I 'm concerned . Interesting . The couples break down into a heterosexual couple , two heterosexual male friends and a straight guy being " harmlessly " stalked by a gay man . The " het " couple really don 't have much of a role in the film . There are some scenes that show how they like to be aggressive when having sex or playing around with each other , but seem to have no real purpose since the are so marginalized . My assumption is that they represent a more day to day illustration of how sex / violence are integrated in a couples life . The couple aren 't very aggressive and it 's not even shot in any kind of erotic way . As characters , they don 't add much to the theme or plot . The two male friends make up the bulk of the plot . They engage in some gay bashing of sorts by convincing a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley . This escalates into violence . And the violence changes them . It becomes a means of sexual gratification . And their need for violence t release grows as the film progresses . The main problem I had is the violence is not convincing . Never once does it seem that any of the characters is in any real danger . It just doesn 't work . Given that the whole theme of the film is about the characters ' relationships with violence , this is a major problem . Unfortunately , the make-up doesn 't help either . Sometimes , it 's okay , other times it is very bad . In one scene , I really wondered why one of the characters had rouge smeared on his face . Confusing . The more interesting pair of the characters is the " stalker couple . " Here Calson seemed to have more to say and was able to develop a more coherent storyline . Perhaps it is because the characters seem to develop more and have resolution at the end . Shiner may well have been much better if it had stuck with these two . I appreciate that Calson wanted to achieve a lot with this film . It is admirable . Most low budget flicks don 't aspire to much . I don 't think Calson achieved want he was aiming for . Myself , I found nothing particularly controversial or unsettling . Shiner was unconvincing . This doesn 't mean , however , that the director can 't achieve something with his next film . He seems to have something to say .
1	When I was chairman of our college 's coffeehouse , one of our jobs was to review groups and films for student activities . One of the best things to come along in 1972 was Groove Tube . The original premise was that it was being shown off-off Broadway in theaters where television monitors were being placed throughout the audience , so everyone had a great seat . The premise was that the skits would change on a regular basis-ala Saturday Night Live , keeping the thing fresh . They decided on making it into a film for general distribution . I believe the developers said it was the first time Chevy Chase was on film . Watching him run naked though the woods was a howl . Like many of the reviews before mine , it WAS Saturday Night Live before such a thing existed . I highly recommend this vid . I 've told my 13 year old son about Koko the clown- He can 't wait to get a copy !
0	One of the other commenters mentioned that they almost walked out . If I hadn 't been with my wife , who wanted to stay , I would have left . It 's a shame , too , because I think it could have been a good movie . But this is easily one of the worst adapted screenplays I 've ever seen . It starts out nowhere and it goes nowhere ( I would say it goes nowhere fast , but it really goes nowhere slow ... painfully slow ) . From time to time there are hints that something interesting might happen , or that there is potentially some depth underneath one of the characters , but that 's all we get - hints . There is not a single payoff or revelation in the entire movie . Not that I need a slick plot to be entertained ... I love a good meandering character study as much as the next indie buff . But these characters add up to nothing . For the entire duration of the film you don 't care what happens to a single one of them . As a matter of fact , you almost start hoping they die , because at least a death might be more interesting than watching their inexplicable behavior , which is so strange and unpredictable that you 'd think it in itself would be compelling , but it 's not . Instead of quirky , noir-esquire characters acting in hard-boiled fashion , you simply recognize it immediately for what it is : a bunch of talented but miscast actors , brooding and raising their eyebrows while reading bizarre dialogue without a hint of relevant context . All this for two plodding , painfully slow hours . Awful .
0	Gloria Victor and Dolores Reed in space girl costumes . I love 50 sci fi , I even love cheesy 50s sci fi , but this film is really , really bad . And not in a MST3K kinda way . Virtually unwatchable as a couple of bozos do their best " hip cat " impression of Abott & Costello . Chessecake can usually save cheesy sci fi , such as in " Cat Women On The Moon " but it can 't in this case . This film requires a mute button and fast forward feature . That said , I could watch Gloria and Dolores walk around the space ship for about an hour or so .
0	This was the only time I ever walked out on a movie . Years later , I saw it in the cable listings and thought , " Maybe I should give it another try . " Suffice to say that I was right the first time . This ranks second only to Godzilla 1998 as the worst movie I 've ever seen .
0	I wanted to like this movie , but many elements ruined it for me . The use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head , but it did make me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments . The movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting . I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld , but this film couldn 't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction .
0	I was thinking that the main character , the astronaut with the bad case of the runs ( in his case , his skin , hair , muscles , etc ) could always get more movie work after he 'd been reduced to a puddle . All he has to do is get a job as the Blob . The premise of this flick is pretty lame . An astronaut gets exposed to sunspot radiation ( I think ) , and so begins to act like an ice cream cone on a hot day . Not only is this a puzzler , but apparently he has to kill humans and consume their flesh so that he can maintain some kind of cell integrity . Huh ? Have you ever noticed that whenever any kind of radiation accident or experiment happens , the person instantly turns into a killing machine ? Why is that ? The astronaut lumbers off into the night from the ' secret facility ' ( which has no security whatsoever ) , shedding parts of himself as he goes . Apparently he retains just enough memory to make him head for the launch pad , maybe because he wanted to return to space . Thus begins the part of the movie that 's pretty much filler , with a doctor wandering around with a Geiger counter , trying to find the melting man by the buzz he gives off . He kills a stupid Bill Gates look-alike fisherman , scares a little girl a la the Frankenstein monster movie , and finishes off a wacky older couple ( punishing them karmically for stealing some lemons ) . Then there 's a short scene where he whacks his former General , and a very long scene where he kills a young pothead and chases his girlfriend around . You 'd think that after she cuts his arm off and he run away , the scene would shift . But no ... we 're treated to about ten minutes of the woman huddled into a corner panting and screaming in terror , even though the monster is gone . All I could think was .. director 's girlfriend , anyone ? The end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it . The melting man finishes turning into a pile of goo , and then ... nothing . That 's it . That 's the end of the movie . Well , at least that meant that there was no room for a sequel .
1	The movie is wonderful . It shows the man 's work for the wilderness and a natural understanding of the harmony of nature , without being an " extreme " naturalist . I definitely plan to look for the book . This is a rare treasure !
1	I grew up watching this movie , and I still love it just as much today as when i was a kid . Don 't listen to the critic reviews . They are not accurate on this film.Eddie Murphy really shines in his roll.You can sit down with your whole family and everybody will enjoy it.I recommend this movie to everybody to see . It is a comedy with a touch of fantasy.With demons , dragons , and a little bald kid with God like powers.This movie takes you from L.A. to Tibet , of into the amazing view of the wondrous temples of the mountains in Tibet.Just a beautiful view ! So go do your self a favor and snatch this one up ! You wont regret it !
0	Are you kidding that was AWFUL ! ! ! But that notwithstanding I got given this film and 3 others and they were all on DVD . The film starts of pretty much an OK movie but goes downhill from about the middle onwards . And the ending well let 's just say it was one of the most anti climatic endings in recent film history . Lots of gore in the end sequence and if you like a dose of schlock horror then this is the film for you ... 3 / 10
1	I came across this film by accident when listing all the films I wanted my sister to record for me whilst I was on holiday and I am so glad that I included this one . It deals with issues that most directors shy away from , my only problem with this film is that it was made for TV so I couldn 't buy a copy for my friend ! It 's a touching story about how people with eating disorders don 't necessarily shy away from everyone and how many actually have dieting buddies . It brought to my attention that although bulimics can maintain a fairly stable weight , it has more serious consequences on their health that many people are ignorant of .
1	A lovely little B picture with all the usual Joe Lewis touches ... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear . Also , alas , an ending that comes out of nowhere , because , apparently , the auteur has lost interest in the movie , or perhaps because as a B picture it has to fit into a slot .
1	Keeping all political views aside , Feroz Khan and Anil Kapoor 's ' Gandhi , My Father ' is a good movie that cleverly explores the confused-towards-family side of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , and the fight of his eldest son Harilal Gandhi with the society , his larger-than-life father , and most importantly demons in his head . One draws parallels to Gandhi the father of the nation and struggles any son could have with their father The acting is good . Shefali Shetty , Darshan Zariwala and Akshaye Khanna-strictly in that order- add color and pathos to this heart wrenching tale of Harilal who weeps to be hugged just once and also runs away at the faintest touch of the finger . Feroz Khan 's direction and the production canvas is lavish and attractive , however , the screenplay could 've been tighter . I had seen the play some years ago on a pirated video type DVD ( it was called Mahatama vs Gandhi , I think ) and it was certainly more gripping . Though , the movie 's background score and the father-son and mother-son moments are just a brilliant treat . This movie could have been great . It 's borderline to that . It has the potential so huge to have been just a story differences between a father and son or just Gandhi or even both. somewhere , the plot is lost and when you expect absolute epitome of emotions , nothing comes to you . It compares decently to other Gandhi 's . Certainly not an overview film like Kingsley 's Gandhi , or abstract as Kamal Hassan 's Hey Ram . The film just about manages to find its footing ; however , one is left wondering " what if ... " Worth a watch . 7.5 / 10
1	In my opinion , this is an absolutely romantic Disney masterpiece . If you ask me , the stepmother ( voice of Lucille La Verne ) was truly diabolical . You 'll have to see the movie if you want to know why . On the other hand , despite the fact that she did a lot of housekeeping , Cinderella ( voice of Ilene Stanley ) was a very beautiful lady . To me , the scenery was beautiful , the cast was well chosen , and the writing was strong . Before I wrap this up , I 'd like to say that everyone involved in this film did very well . Now , in conclusion , I highly recommend this absolutely romantic Disney masterpiece to all of you who haven 't seen it . You 're in for a good time , so go to the video store , rent it or buy it , kick back with a friend , and watch it .
0	As many agree , Origin is a beautiful anime artistically . The music , graphics , and the world created are gorgeous and it really stands above most other modern animated works . However , if you are looking for more than this , than I suggest looking else where . The beauty stops short of its appearance , and when it really comes down to plot and characters , there 's nothing special . Action is slow and minimal and the people are flat , corny at times , and do not act realistically . Not to mention the plot hole here and the plot hole there ... So , in summary , oh my goodness , I 've never seen an anime as beautiful as this one ; and oh my goodness , it 's like ... -poke- people don 't act like that . It took a GIANT step forward in graphics and music in anime , but it also took a few step backs to times of bad characterization , and unfortunately , there 's not even that much action to make up for that ...
1	A sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings . The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this great new york setting , even though they are marrying other people . Maybe a little trite in that the " partners " are both type A personalities , while our protagonists are much more relaxed . Not anything heavy , but it made me smile . And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle , and the gals - sell them the sappy romance , everyone wins !
0	I should put out an alert all over saying that the movie shouldn 't be watched . It fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner that it is almost an insult to the memory of those brave men . The special effect were horrible , I hadn 't expected the total failure on the part of the director to appreciate military technology . How can a machine gun which normally fires at the rate of 600 rounds per minute fire at 1 / 10th the speed ? How can soldiers fall forward when a grenade explodes in front of them ? How can people survive when there are artillery shells falling as close as 20 feet away ? How come the artillery shells fall only on either side of the road and not the road itself ? Not only did this disrespect for the weaponry appall me , it was the cliched situations and the incongruity of the dialogues which had me screaming murder . There were the standard dialogues like Ye bhi kisi ka bhai hai , ise laath mat maro and Pakistan se jyaada musalmaan to Hindustaan me hai and LOC cross mat karo ye mera hukum hai . Stupid to say the least . What Shobha De had written is true . The director worked without a script and it shows . There is no flow to the movie . There is no gradual progression from one battle to another . It is just one gunfight after the next with no connection to the overall scheme of the war . The explanatory scenes are awful . The chief of army staff looks unconvincing . To make matters worse the theatre people had indiscriminately cut footage to fit the four hour long movie into 3 hours .
1	This wonderful 1983 BBC television production ( not a movie , as others have written here ) of the classic love story " Jane Eyre " , starring Timothy Dalton as Rochester , and Zelah Clarke as Jane , is the finest version that has been made to date , since it is the most faithful to the novel by Charlotte Bronte in both concept and dialogue . A classic becomes a classic for very specific reasons ; when film producers start to meddle with a classic 's very lifeblood then that classic is destroyed . Thankfully the producers of THIS " Jane Eyre " approached the story with respect and faithfulness towards the original , which results in a spectacularly addictive concoction that is worth viewing multiple times , to enjoy its multi-layers of sweetness and delight and suspense . The performances are delightful , the music is just right , even the Gothic design of the house and outdoor shots are beautiful , and set the right tone for the production . My only criticism , though slight , is that this version , like every other version ever made of Jane Eyre , ignores the Christian influences that built Jane 's character and influenced her moral choices . In today 's modern world a woman in Jane 's situation wouldn 't think twice but to stay with Rochester after finding out he had an insane wife and was still married to her . " Oh , just get a divorce " , she would say to her man , or she would live in sin with him . But Jane Eyre knew she couldn 't settle for this course in life and respect herself . Why ? This decision was based on the foundations of the Christian faith she had been taught since childhood , not from the brutal Calvinist Lowood Institution , but from the Christian example of a true friend , Helen Burns , who was martyred rather than not turn the other cheek . Someday I would like to see some version depict these influences a little more fully in an adaptation . A classic novel that ends with the heroine writing " Even so , come Lord Jesus ! " should not have the foundations of that faith stripped out of it .
0	This little show is obviously some stupid little prequel / spin off of the original series . Compared to the live action series this show is utter crap . The live action show had intelligent jokes and story lines . While the animated series is basically a toned down bittersweet version for younger viewers to digest but i think maybe kids deteste this crap . The storyline in every episode is basically just Sabrina has some stupid and pointless dillemma and she uses magic to fix it . Thats basiclly the idea every episode . The most bizarre episode was when Sabrina uses magic to become Gem and Gem to become Sabrina . So then Gem becomes a witch and hypnotizes harvery to become her slave . This then leads to a bizarre yet rather interesting scene were Gem says " just adore me for now " and harvey get down on his hands and knees and starts kissing her feet like shes a god . ( which is quite right since he 's her mind control slave ) But this stupid spin-off is not worth the time or the effort .
0	POPEYE AND BIG FOOT * * ; POPEYE 'S ENGINE COMPANY * * ; GETTING POPEYE 'S GOAT * * 1 / 2 I used to lap these up as a kid but , catching an episode of the series comprising three cartoons back-to-back now i.e. several years later ( they preceded the theatrical screening of the pirate yarn RAIDERS OF THE SEVEN SEAS [ 1953 ] ) , I can see how they don 't hold up all that well ! The character of Popeye isn 't exactly sympathetic to begin with , Olive Oyl distinctly overbearing and Bluto 's antics failed to elicit much interest either in short , the scripts were alarmingly thin , fairly awful and generally unfunny to boot . They 're strictly juvenile fare , yet I doubt today 's kids would even have the patience to stick with them ! ; furthermore , the animation style is unattractive . Taking each short per se , I guess they improved from one to the other : after the initial shock , one adapted to its mediocre quality as it were , so that the third cartoon easily results in being the most enjoyable of the lot Popeye is entrusted with a mascot army goat whose immense appetite causes him no end of mischief ( hardly original , I know , but always an amusing ploy ) . One interesting element here was that the shorts were bookended with Popeye delivering moralistic bits of wisdom to the kids in the audience .
0	I usually come on this website prior to going to the movies , as I like to see what other people think of the movie . I read many reviews which said ' thriller not a horror movie ' . This prompted me to give this film a try . I really must take issue with these ' thriller / horror ' statements , as it was neither ! I almost went and asked for my money back , and if you lot of reviewers enjoyed this rubbish ... well you must be easily pleased ! At the end of the movie , the people behind me said out loud " what a waste of time " and I turned to them and replied " I couldn 't have summed it up better " . I kept waiting for something to happen ... but it didn 't . There was the potential for a lot of good scares ( or thrills if you like ) but none happened . Williams acted the part quite well but I felt he was short changed by a poor script which dithered around and went nowhere . Save your money folks , this is a turkey which will be featuring at a DVD store ' bargain box ' near you in the very foreseeable future !
1	I resisted seeing this movie and I understand why it was not a big hit in theatres . " October Sky " feels and looks oh so familiar . And it is . All plot contrivances and emotions have been explored before in other films -- and possibly even better . But despite it 's familiarity and resistance to all formulas Hollywood , this movie is winning and likeable at every turn . Sputnik is the inspiration for this journey of the heart , mind and soul . Just as the characters from Steven Sondheim 's musical MERRILY WE ROLL ALONG stood agape atop their apartment roof hoping it would launch their new generation ( " What do you call it ? You call it a miracle . " ) , Sputnik has a similar affect on the young rocket boys of this true tale . While jaded townsfolk of their 1950 's coal town dismiss the event , Homer Hickham sees Sputnik as his ticket out of a life in the mines . Masterful direction and casting make the journey of rocket boy Homer and his pals seem fresh and new . Especially affecting are subplots concerning Homer 's ailing young school teacher . Remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship . Also remarkable is the father / son supblot that anchors the film . Perfectly played all around . Even Homer 's mom gets her moment without cliche or intrusion . Her ultimatum to her husband is both dignified and heatbreaking . " Myrtle Beach " says it all . A major video chain I despise has a sign next to this film stating that you 'll love this film or they 'll refund your money . For once , I agree with them . You 'll never look at the October sky quite the same again .
0	Just kidding ! This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen ! It was so bad though , that it was hilarious . My friend and I purposly rented it because it looked so bad . Cheesy old horror flicks are always good for some laughs . The plot stunk , some of the voices were dubbed , the quality was horrendous . But I sure had a blast watching it !
1	Mating Game is a charming , wonderful movie from an era gone by . Hollywood needs to consider a charming remake of this movie . My wife and I would go see it . It is an excellent romantic comedy that my wife and I watched on AMC . This movie has Tony Randall at his best . Debbie Reynolds is great , as always . Loved it . We plan on ordering on DVD to add to our growing collection of movies . Too bad Hollywood does not make movies like this anymore . Hey Hollywood ... time to dig some of these type of scripts out of the old safe , update them a bit ( without spoiling the original movie and script as you have done with other remakes ) , and hold a casting call . A remake would be a big hit on the silver screen , DVD , and on cable / SATTV . SN Austin , TX
1	There 's something wonderful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders above every Tarzan movie that followed it , including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke . Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes , which are admittedly dull , Tarzan and his Mate takes off like a shot , offering non-stop action , humor , and romance . Maureen O 'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie . Weismuller is solid as well . Highly recommended .
0	We 've all seen this story a hundred times . You can see each plot turn coming a mile away . The relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic . Janet Mcteer 's performance is stock southern hot- ticket mother in vintage clothes . Should have been made for the Lifetime Channel .
0	Words cannot begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is . I wish it were " so bad it 's good , " but it 's not . It 's just dull , lifeless , and boring . It 's so bad I couldn 't even laugh at it . In response to other posters , Anne-Marie Frigon is not the highlight of the movie . The only person less charismatic is the director Brett Kelly , who as a true statement on vanity , cast himself as the male lead . They both look like inbreeds , sister and brother . The gal , Sherry Thurig , is a looker . The complete opposite of Anne-Marie - attractive . This girl is tall and willowy , and can act . Although you can tell she 's holding back . All the actors seem to be holding back , especially the supporting male , Mark . I 've seen less wood in a rain forest , but he 's still better than Kelly . Why would Kelly keep his actors from acting ? Is he really that bad a director ? Everyone else has summed the story up perfectly - there isn 't one . Kids are kidnapped and Kelly steps in poo to solve the crime . I know how he felt stepping in the poo , it 's how I felt after watching his movie . Yes , I tried to get my money back from the rental store . This is a home movie best left to be seen by the friends of the director ( and if you search them out , you 'll see those same friends were the one who gave the movie positive marks ) .
1	A tour deforce ! OK the kid that plays Oliver is a bit toooooo sweet ! Starting with the great cinematography , color , costumes and most impressive performances this is a must see movie . I have seen several adaptations of this great novel , but this one stands above them all and its a musical to boot ! It is a masterful Fagan , never leaving his character to do a song . You never really know if you like him or not , the same feeling I got in the book . In other versions you hate him from start to finish . Bill Sykes ... when you read the book hes a mean one , and so he is in this movie . Oliver Reed was masterful . His wife directed this masterpiece . I went and saw his last movie , Gladiator based on his many fine performances , not to see the headliners . The music fits the times and the mood . Who will buy this beautiful movie ? You Should !
0	This film is regarded by some as a classic - I 've no idea why . It is terrible to the point of being laughable . The only saving grace with this movie are the delivery of cheesy lines that are so toe curlingly embarrassing that you have no choice but to laugh at them . There are a couple of good songs and good choreography in this film , but SO WHAT ! There is no plot , it is set in a theatre with no change of scenery , and Michael Douglas is as depressing as ever . My brother once forced me to watch this film , because he said I wouldn 't believe how bad a film can get ! He was right . Normally with a film this dreadful I would recommend that people shouldn 't watch it , but in this case I think people should , as it will put every other bad film you 've seen in perspective .
0	Judging by some of the comments in IMDB , I was expecting an action movie - perhaps a dramatic one or a stupid one or a simple one or a comicy one , but essentially an action movie . Whatever it is that I watched , it certainly didn 't feel like a movie . The story is simple and straightforward ( even though the prologue tries to make it seem complicated ) . Take three interest groups : 1 ) the government 2 ) the rebels 3 ) a group of assassins . Now subtract the first ( they never appear in the movie ) . Then simply let one of the assassins , the princess , become a rogue on a revenge trip . Add in a rebel love-interest with a guilty conscience . And you 've got the ingredients . But they still did not manage to turn it into a story or a movie . Between some random action sequences and some odd visuals trying to be Sci-Fi on a low budget , what you 're left with is a feeling of emptiness . The movie just does not feel like a movie , but a weird , incoherent , boring dream . Avoid . 2 / 10
1	Sandra Bernhard is quite a character , and certainly one of the funniest women on earth . She began as a stand-up comedienne in the 1970s , but her big break came in 1983 when she starred opposite Jerry Lewis and Robert De Niro in Scorsese 's underrated masterpiece , " The King of Comedy " . Her film career never quite took off , though . She did make a couple of odd but entertaining pictures , such as " Dallas Doll " ( 1994 ) or " Dinner Rush " ( 2000 ) , but the most amazing parts were those she created for herself . " Without You I 'm Nothing " is undoubtedly her best effort . It 's an adaptation of her smash-hit off-Broadway show which made her a superstar and Madonna 's best friend for about four years . In ten perfectly choreographed and staged scenes , Sandra turns from Nina Simone to Diana Ross , talks about her childhood , Andy Warhol and San Francisco and performs songs made famous by Burt Bacharach , Prince , or Sylvester . Director John Boskovich got Sandra to do a 90-minute tour-de-force performance that 's both sexy and uniquely funny . If you are a Bernhard fan , you can 't miss out this film ; it 's a tribute as well to her ( weird ) beauty as to her extremely unconventional talent as a comedienne . And it has influenced filmmakers in their work " Hedwig and the Angry Inch " , for instance , would look a lot different if " Without You I 'm Nothing " didn 't exist .
1	Green Eyes is a great movie . In todays context of supporting our troops , it is interesting this movie showed the lack of respect soldiers received from doing their duty , during this period . From a historical view , the end of the Vietnam war left all of us with something to remember and learn from . Gene was very proud of this movie , and he deserved the credits he received from writing " Green Eyes " . I agree , I do not understand why this movie is not shown more often , or at all . This movie is the kind of movie that should be shown on TV every year , much like the Wizard of Oz . The dedication of one man towards his lost son is entirely moving . I was a friend of Gene Logans and I was proud to know him . Rocky
1	This movie does a great job of explaining the problems that we faced and the fears that we had before we put man into space . As a history of space flight , it is still used today in classrooms that can get one of the rare prints of it . Disney has shown it on " Vault Disney " and I wish they would do so again .
1	A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus . She refuses him , but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway . And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero . It can 't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic . In short , a story that could promise to grow out into a cool film . And IMO , it succeeds at being a nice film . It 's no masterpiece , but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is , even with the superhero thing going , believable . So . Thin story , but worked out really funny and thus worthy of cinema time . 7 out of 10 broken hearts
0	Avoid this crap at all costs . Bad script , bad directing , bad acting , bad editing , bad sound , and bad music . Get the idea ? This movie tries to be western flavored , it 's not . It tries to be hard core violent , it 's not . It tries to present a fresh look at an old genre , it doesn 't . The actors try there best , and my heart goes out to them . But with such inane material to work with it 's hard to make something shine . To me this has all of the looks of a " fresh outta film school gonna set the world on fire " first attempt . Freshmen film makers often bite off more that they , or their budget , can chew . The best thing they can do is to take a few steps back , reassess what is possible , and work within their limited budget the next time out .
1	Saw this as previous viewer by accident , I have watched it twice now . I thoroughly enjoyed it , no silly thought provoking messages just plain good fun entertainment , good songs , good characters and a just a feel good film Highly recommended to those of us that just like to enjoy films and not dissect them Great Fun for all the family here . I didn 't realise Rosie Alvarez is played by Vanessa Williams , she is excellent and very sultry . The songs like One Boy and One last Kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your feet to Jason Alexander is the complete contrast to his character in Pretty Woman ans is very good . Tyne Daley still sticks in my mind from Cagney and Lacey and her voice and accent still had that remembrance in it . Overall I just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available
1	Visually stunning and full of Eastern Philosophy , this amazing martial arts fantasy is brought to you by master director Tsui Hark , the man behind some of the best films Hong Kong cinema has produced . The special effects are beautiful and imaginative . The plot is a bit on the cerebral side , but is a refreshing change from films that treat their audience as if they were morons . If thinking is not your forte , however , this may not be your movie . Maybe you should go see the latest from the Hollywood studio 's no brain club , but if you are looking for something more , he 's where you will find it .
0	I have to confess that I am severely disappointed . This version can in no way compete with the version of 1995 . The reason why I watched it was that I wasn 't entirely happy with Ciaran Hinds as Captain Wentworth and thought that Rupert Penry-Jones looked much more like the Captain I had imagined when I read the book . And he was too . Unfortunately that is the only redeeming quality of the film . The rest is as un-Austen-like as possible . Miss Elliot would NEVER have run through the streets of Bath like this . It wasn 't in her character and it just wasn 't done by a lady of the those times . The Anne Elliot of the book was a lady and she had dignity . There are other painful anachronisms but this was the worst . Although there are 3 important quotes from the book , they are at entirely inappropriate moments , warning those who know the book that yet another important part of the book will either be missing or completely changed . And although this version is not much shorter than the other one , it feels like everything is rushed . Very little care was taken to introduce the characters , show their dispositions and motives . Important scenes were omitted . How could they possibly have butchered the final scenes in this way ? A disaster ! And it was by far not as beautifully photographed as the other one . No , no , no . If you love Austen , then don 't waste your time with this .
1	Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later , yet remain as engrossing as this one . Technological advances have not dated this classic love story . Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie . The acting is superb . David Niven , Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job . The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie . It hasn 't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence . It is my favorite movie of all time . Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is , in itself , " A Matter of Life and Death " .
1	Dear Readers , With High Expectations , Human Beings leave Earth to begin a new life in Space Colonies . However , The Allied Forces of the United Earth Sphere Alliance gain great military control over the colonies and soon seize one colony after another in the name of Justice and Peace ... The year is After Colony 195 . Operation Meteor . In a move to counter the Alliance 's tyranny , Rebel Forces from several colonies send new arsenals to Earth disguised as Shooting Stars ... However ... The Alliance forces catch on ... Gundam Wing is the most popular and most successful of the entire Gundam Series . With cutting-edge Anime animation , stunning action , amazing Mobile Suits , Breathtaking scripts , and some of the most unforgettable characters in Anime History . I 'll try to explain the plot of Gundam Wing as best as possible . Earth has now colonized space , but the UESA forces have forcibly occupied them along with the help of the mysterious Elite Force OZ and their shadowy leaders , Treize Kushrenada and the Romefeller Foundation . Five pilots are sent to Earth piloting Mobile Suits with extraordinary power known as the Gundams . Pursued by the Mysterious Lieutenant Zechs Merquise , Treize 's second-in-command , a young teenager named Relena , and the Alliance military , the Gundam pilots unleash hell upon Earth for the Freedom of the Colonies while all the while , a plot most sinister architected by Treize begins to start . Signed , The Constant DVD Collector
1	Corbin Bernsen gives a terrifically intense and riveting performance as Dr. Alan Feinstone , a wealthy and successful Beverly Hills dentist who 's obsessed with perfection . When he discovers that his lovely blonde babe trophy wife has been cheating on him and the IRS start hounding him about tax problems , Feinstone cracks under the pressure and goes violently around the bend . Director Brian Yuzna , working from a suitably dark , witty and demented script by Stuart Gordon , Dennis Paoli , and Charles Finch , exposes the seething neurosis and psychosis bubbling underneath the squeaky clean well-manicured surface of respectable affluent rich America with deliciously malicious glee . Moreover , Yuzna further spices up the grisly goings on with a wickedly twisted sense of pitch black gallows humor . Bernsen positively shines as Dr. Feinstone ; he expertly projects a truly unnerving underlying creepiness that 's right beneath Feinstone 's deceptively calm and assured veneer . The supporting cast are likewise excellent : Linda Hoffman as Feinstone 's bitchy , unfaithful wife Brooke , Earl Boen as smarmy , meddlesome IRS agent Marvin Goldblum , Molly Hagan as feisty assistant Jessica , Patty Toy as perky assistant Karen , Jan Hoag as jolly office manager Candy , Virginya Keehne as sweet , gawky teenager Sarah , Ken Foree as thorough , no-nonsense Detective Gibbs , Tony Noakes as Gibbs ' equally shrewd partner Detective Sunshine , Michael Stadvec as womanizing stud muffin pool cleaner Matt , and Mark Ruffalo as on the make sleazeball Steve Landers . The first-rate make-up f / x are every bit as gory , gross and upsetting as they ought to be . The polished cinematography by Levie Isaaks boasts lots of great crazy tilted camera angles and a few tasty zoom-in close-ups . Alan Howarth 's spirited shuddery score also hits the flesh-crawling spot . An enjoyably warped treat .
0	The Tooth Fairy is set in a small town somewhere in Northern California where Peter Campbell ( Lochlyn Munro ) has brought a farming property which he is renovating & planning to turn into a holiday inn , he is joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner ( Chandra West ) & her young 12 year old daughter Pamela ( Nicole Munoz ) who arrive to help for the weekend . While exploring the property Pamela meets another young girl named Emma ( Jianna Ballard ) who warns her that evil lurks within her new home , she tells a tale of an evil old witch known as the Tooth Fairy who takes baby teeth from children & then kills them . Pamela is worried & becomes even more so when she falls off her bike & her last baby tooth falls out , it 's not long before the evil ghost of the Tooth Fairy has her eyes on Pamela 's tooth & just for kicks she also decides to kill anyone she comes across ... Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought The Tooth Fairy was just another poor straight-to-video low budget horror film that fails to distinguish itself from the countless other 's which litter video shop shelves & fill late night obscure cable TV schedules , basically it 's not very good . The script by producer Stephen J. Cannell , Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes , nothing of any great interest happen during this period at all & is basically dull exposition as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone . It introduces the character 's , sets the Tooth Fairy legend up & that 's it . The second half of the film improves slightly but even then it 's hardly spectacular stuff , there are a few decent set-piece gore scenes but apart from that it 's all very predictable & forgettable stuff . The character 's aren 't great & most of them are there purely to be killed off , the story has inconsistencies like the story of the Tooth Fairy herself , it says she kills children after they give her their baby teeth so why does she go on an indiscriminate killing spree that has nothing to do with teeth ? What happened to her after the prologue set during 1949 ? Why has she come back as a ghost ? Despite being a ghost of some sort she seems very human having to open doors herself & using weapons to kill people , there is no attempt to make any use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who are played for maximum sentiment . Director Bowman does OK , it 's reasonably well made & there are a couple of half decent scenes but nothing to get that excited about . There 's nothing I would describe as scary or atmospheric in here & don 't take any notice of the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls ( 2003 ) as besides the teeth thing they 're quite different . The gore is OK , someone is shoved into a wood-chipping machine , there 's a decapitation , someone has their penis chopped off & the best scene when someone is nailed to a door & then has their stomach hacked open with an axe & their guts slide out . With a supposed budget of about $ 1,500,000 The Tooth Fairy is generally well made but there 's nothing special on show here . The acting isn 't anything great but it 's not too bad & unusually I didn 't find the child actors that annoying so that 's something I suppose . The Tooth Fairy is the usual just below average low budget modern straight-to-video horror fare that seems everywhere these days , if you can find a cheap copy then it might pass 90 odd minutes if your not too demanding otherwise it 's pretty poor & forgettable stuff .
0	This movie makes a promising start and then gets very confused and muddled . Kamal Hasan has made a lot of effort in getting the period look right , pity he did not spend more time on the plot . Most of the small characters in the movie show up for no particular reason . Overall very disappointing , I would recommend avoiding this movie .
1	A wonderful , free flowing , often lyrical film that whisks you along , ever smiling , even if there are truly shocking incidents along the way . One gasps at the way the women are treated and yet ultimately they seem to come through very well and it is much credit to all concerned that so many potentially disastrous scenes all work so very well . This is possibly Depardieu 's best performance , certainly his most natural . Jeanne Moreau performs outstandingly in what must have been a very difficult role to play and including vigorous sex scenes with a couple of guys at least half her age . Miou-Miou is lovely throughout and again has very difficult scenes to play . Initially this seems a down and dirty misogynist rant / romp but as the tale and characters unfold a much more tender and honest picture emerges . In the end this uncompromising and daring film demands respect .
0	I was very excited when this series premiered in 2005 . The premise was very simple and appealing : each episode would be a one-hour mini movie directed by a famous , noteworthy horror director . Then , when I finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown . Some good episodes emerged from that first season , but all in all it was a mixed bag . I attributed it to the learning curve , and figured that season 2 would be a whole lot better . Boy , was I in for a shock . At least season one had a few good stories here and there . Season 2 ( with the exception of " The Black Cat " starring the excellent Jeffrey Combs ) was a complete and total loss to me . The episode " Sounds Like " may very well be the worst thing I have watched on TV in the last 10 years , and most of the other episodes aren 't much better . I really hope that season 3 turns this around next year , but I 'm not holding my breath .
0	This was a fairly creepy movie ; I found the music to be effective for this . The photographs Mario took of the village were also unnerving . However , I had three problems with this film . One is that the lighting was very dark so some of the time it was hard to tell what was going on , but this may have just been my copy . The second is that the very beginning is not explained very well and I 'm still not sure what was going on there . The third problem is that I didn 't understand the ending , but apparently some people do . Of course there are also the usual problems of people doing stupid things , and the male lead is very 70s . All in all , watchable but not even close to being a favorite .
1	I somehow missed this movie when it came out and have discovered it as late as last week thanks to a friend 's recommendation . I can honestly say that I cannot remember another intimate dramatic film , which does so many things so well . The writing is crisp , realistic , nuanced , and even restrained . The cinematography and editing are understated but inspired , enabling the visual storytelling to dominate through marvelous close-ups and framing of images , capturing loneliness and alienation in most memorable ways . The acting is also wonderful , with all of the characters becoming painfully real and vulnerable in the most compelling ways that a film can offer . They reveal their innermost weaknesses with unprotected , raw vulnerability . A real triumph for Roger Michell and Hanif Kureishi , and the rest of the team . A must see for serious film lovers .
1	Bell , Book and Candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century , very similar to the phenoms we see today ( back in the 70 's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film ) . It made Novak a huge star , put a nice item on Jack Lemon 's resume , cast new light on Jimmy Stewart , and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers ( both went on to continue to play witches and other curious " old bats " , in film and television ) . Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch ( which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon ) , Bell , Book and Candle inspired the grand film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic , Worst Witch and Harry Potter . What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather interesting alternative Xmas movie . The story takes place over the Christmas holidays , and , despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft , actually embodies a great deal of Xmas spirit ( giving , love , family , self-sacrifice , etc ) . I will always watch this movie ( have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90 's ) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season . It has style , substance , a great cast , and terrific production values . And like Adam 's Rib , it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time , are radical even now ( in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful ) , and so always seems ahead of the times .
1	Yeah , it is . In fact , it 's somewhere in my top 20 all time favorite movies . Number 15 , I think . Anyways , I 'm usually not one for plots , but I think plots work better in anime and RPG video games , ( Final Fantasy 7 , for example ) and not movies . But this one has it all . Vivid drawings of planets , stars , an extremely well written screenplay . While this is not really for children , they can still watch it , it contains no graphic blood , guts and silicone . But I don 't think they 're going to understand it .
1	Artemisia Gentileschi , the daughter of Orazio Gentileschi , showed an early promise as a painter . Taught by her father , Artemisia was born in an era that denied talented women the right to have their work seen side by side art created by men . Her tragic life is chronicled in this biographic film directed and co-written by Agnes Merlik . Having read the novel " The Passion of Artemisia " by Susan Vreeland , made us investigate more into the life of this woman , her work , and her legacy . We also read Mary Garrard 's " Artemisia Gentileschi " , which should be a must read book by all art lovers . " Artemisia " presents the fictionalized facts we have read about showing the early life of the young woman as she starts to paint . She was clearly influenced by the work of her father , by Caravaggio , Agostino Tassi , and other Florentine painters of that period . Her relationship and love affair with Tassi is the basis of the film . Artemisia , unfortunately couldn 't go as far as she could have because of the prejudice against women in the arts . It didn 't help either she caused a scandal where she is accused of being raped by Tassi . She had to go to Rome in order to distance herself from that unhappy time of her life . Valentina Cervi makes a beautiful Artemisia . She is a gorgeous creature who awakened passion in men . Michel Serrault plays Orazio , her father . Miki Maojlovic is seen as Tassi , the man who wanted Artemisia , but ended up in jail . Emmanuelle Devos appears for a moment . The film has a glossy finish that the camera work of Benoit Delhomme captures in all its splendor . The scenic locales of the film offer an idea of what inspired that school of painting to show in their canvases . The music by Krishna Levy serves well what we see . Agnes Merlik directed with sure hand showing a visual style of her own .
1	Butch the peacemaker ? Evidently . After the violent beginning with Spike , Tom and Jerry all swinging away at each other , Butch calls a halt and wants to know why . It 's a good question . " Cats can get along with dogs , can 't they ? " he asks Tom , who nods his head in agreement . " Mice can get along with cats , right ? " Jerry nods " no , " and then sees that isn 't the right answer . They go inside and Butch draws up a " Peace Treaty " ( complete with professional artwork ! ) . Most of the rest , and the bulk of the cartoon , is the three of them being extremely nice to one another What a refreshing change-of-pace . I found it fun to watch . I can a million of these cartoons in which every beats each other over the head . Anyway , you knew the peace wasn 't going to last . A big piece of steak spells the death of the " peace treaty " but en route it was nice change and still had some of usual Tom & Jerry clever humor .
1	After being sent to prison for no less then 10 nor more then 40 years for being busted with drugs and refusing to give up her accomplishes , Jackie ( Erica Gavin of Russ Meyer 's " Vixen " and " Beyond the Valley of the Dolls " , in her last film role ) has to get accustomed to life in the big ' doll ' house , or at least try to , in this early film by Jonathan Demme . Due to it 's tawdry nature and sheer watchability , I would also rank this as one of his best films , right below " Silence of the Lambs " and " Stop Making Sense " , but so far above any of his other movies . This minor classic is just campy , sleazy , and fun enough to be an amazingly good guilty pleasure and thankfully never once goes overboard into all out parody of the Women In Prison genre . It ALMOST washed out the rancid bad taste of the ludicrously preachy " Philidelphia " from my mouth . However , the film is not without it 's downfalls ( the ' un 'talent show is a HUGE chore to sit through and goes on far too long , Barbera Steele is sadly wasted , among other small things ) But don 't let those gripes stop you from watching an otherwise enjoyable movie . My Grade : B- DVD Extras : 5 minute Roger Corman interview ; Cast & crew Bios ; Original Trailer ; and Trailers for " Candy Stripe Nurses " ( with nudity ) , " Big Bad Mama 2 " , " Big Doll House " ( with nudity ) , & " Crazy Mama " Eye Candy : Juanita Brown , Cheryl " Rainbeaux " Smith , Erica Gavin , Roberta Collins , Ella Reid , Lynda Gold , and some others all show skin
1	This is a film that was very well done . I had heard mixed reviews while it was in production and have been waiting for its release ! Cheers to the director and all the actors . The supporting cast gave Eva Mendez what she needed to take this to the top . As everyone else here states , the latter portion of the film is riveting . Katie Cassidy did an amazing job with her character , being she had not done a lot of work when this film was made . She has quite the career ahead of her . I was amazed at her performance . I completely enjoyed the film , questioned my values in life and priorities , and am a better person for it ! A great message lies within the film . Release it so all can enjoy !
1	I thought this movie was LOL funny . It 's a fun , not to be taken seriously , movie about one man 's twisted views on life , love , and ... well , ladies " from the lowly bus station skank , to the high-class dbutante ... bus station skank . " Tim meadows plays a guy ( Leon Phelps ) who was raised by in a Playboy-style mansion by a Hugh Hefner-esquire father figure , surrounded constantly by beautiful porn models and actresses . When his " father " kicks him out on the street he must learn to fend for himself with nothing but the chauvinistic outlook on life that his youth has taught him ... that and an unfathomable , nearly mystical level of charm and dumb luck . And so the hijinx begin ! If you haven 't seen this movie and you enjoy a light-hearted , semi-mindless , comedy / love story , then I highly recommend renting " the Ladies ' Man " .
0	I just read a review defending this film because it had a low budget , now my take on things . The CGI monsters was reasonable well animated but was implemented in the worst possible way . The fight scenes weren 't even fights it was just one shot of an actor then one shot of monster with very interaction at all . When the monster did interact it looked like it was done in paintshop pro . In my opinion if you have a low budget you should use models and puppets . They may not look as fancy but at least they interact , just look at Peter Jacksons early films . As for the acting Beowulf did an descent job but the rest of the cast were either not trying or they forgot where they where . The script seemed confused to me . One minute they would be talking as if it were a modern day setting the next you get drama club Shakespeare speech . I 'm not say it should be all ' ye ' and ' that it be ' but you need to find a cohesive balance so the lines sound like they come from the same person . I did notice one part near the start when Beowulf was quoting the old testament which would have been find had he not spent the rest of the films talking about the gods and portents . In short , this film is a very slightly polished turd , but a turn none the less .
0	I was at first disgusted with director Sun-Woo Jang because I had felt that he cheated me . Jang had the potential to create a strong , deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people , but instead chose to focus his strength on the pornography element more than the actual human element . I couldn 't see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction which blended both realism and cinema together was amateurish at best yet this film remained in my mind for days after I viewed it . What stayed with me wasn 't the story , it wasn 't the characters , nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the film , but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this film carefully , you will see that both begin in an exploration phase of their relationship , eager to jump into the unknown , but not quite certain the next step . As they continue to meet , exploring new avenues of pleasure , they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressed . Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one that in control of the situation , then hauntingly , the reversal happens when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change , and due to the graphic content of this film , it can easily be missed , but it is there . It becomes apparently clear near the end when J cannot live with Y , as their meetings become less frequent , and J attempts to become a part of normal society . This was a huge and very exciting element to this film to see right before your eyes , but alas , it was the only element of this film worth viewing . I will ignore those that speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic , because there are human elements at the core of this film , as underdeveloped as they are , they are there . It is a film about a facet of our lives that is very rarely explored in cinema or talked about in the papers . What happens behind closed doors is never known or so we should believe . While the act itself does becomes repetitive after a bit , director Jang tries to change it up a bit with some constantly changing scenery . Our characters are continually moving from hotel room to hotel room to best quench their thirst for each other 's flesh . This is fun at first , but again , Jang 's repetitive streak seems to make it feel boring than exciting . This leads me to the biggest issue that I had with this film . Jang had a great story with Gojitmal , but where he failed ( outside of the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side ) was that he took scenes , repeated them time and again , without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know the characters . Where was Jang going with this movie ? Did he want the sex to tell the stories , or did he believe the characters would ? He failed in this sense because by the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we could care less how they resolve themselves . The ending seems almost random at best as Jang attempts to create a final resolution for our two , absolute unknowns , of this film . I have to give Jang some credit for trying , but not much . He attempted to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that we were lacking , but they just couldn 't congeal well together . Y 's brother and J 's wife were those plot points , but again , due to him focusing so strongly on the sexual element , these stronger sub-stories became un-rememberable and down-right dull . Maybe it was just how I viewed this film , but outside of the sexual scenes , nothing else worked together . We knew nothing about J and Y and that is why Gojitmal failed . Finally , I would like to say that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or a daftly remote music genre element to it to bring us , the viewers , closer to the emotions being felt by J and Y. From what I can remember , and I am trying to push this film far from my mind , I don 't remember any musical undertones . Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Jang either stylized it with music or done something to allude towards our character 's beings . While I understand that he wanted the sex to speak for itself , there was just a technical element missing from this film that may have quenched a stronger desire for more . Technically , this was a poor film . Obviously an independent film in nature , it felt more like director Jang was trying to make symbolic references out of nothing instead of your typical independent of this nature . I didn 't see as much of a social message or human element like mentioned above , I just felt like he threw this film together over the course of two weeks and understood that the sex would sell it enough . This was no Larry Clark production ; this was sub-par and definitely needed some further technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release ! Overall , I think I could have liked this film and there were smaller elements that I did enjoy , but I felt this film was rushed , repetitive , and played too much towards the taboos instead of breaking them . The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen by the last scene of this film when we are privy to how the title of this film was conceived . Our characters were uneventful , our story was underdeveloped , and we could have used something memorable to make what was happening between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex . To me , Jang was trying too much to capture art house meets pornographic and it failed miserably . This was not a film worth the time and effort that it took to make . Grade : * * out of * * * * *
1	After the initial shock of realizing the guts of Mr Branagh to film this , I was literally shaking with the excitement of having this epic just ahead of me . I was not disappointed . So true to Shakespeare and yet so accessible . It blew my mind . I always enjoy seeing , or rather listening to , Branagh and it made me wonder ... is this movie dubbed in other countries ? That would be like painting a moustache on the Mona Lisa .
0	I can 't believe I 've just spent one and a half hours watching such a weak film . If there is only one film you have to miss , this is the one . Robert is a teenager whose father 's died recently so he starts hanging out with some local anti-social teenagers and using drugs . All these make him subconsciously more violent and at last such subconsciousness explodes ... The first thing is that I don 't think I can find any sense or trace of great ecstasy in this film , not in any single character . If the director considers what I saw in the last couple of minutes as great ecstasy , I have to say that that 's not even close . The use of cinematography is also not mature . Most of the time I couldn 't see any facial expressions from the actors and I didn 't feel the body language was sufficient enough to make an impact . Maybe the crew was just so tired that they fixed the camera there to include everything in the settings . Everybody happy except the audience . The plot is particularly weak . There are a lot of unrelated scenes and talking which might be supposed to be related but they are really so random that you can never pull them all together , perhaps unless you 're the one who wrote them . In the one and a half hour you may find less than 5 minutes of real acting and all other time there are just people walking , talking and moving . So I really can 't comment on acting here . Nice choice of music in the last couple of minutes though . Maybe this is the only good thing . I have never given a film a 1 but this film certainly deserves it ( at least you laugh when you watch Scary Movies ) . This is a film about when a failed attempt to portray troubled teenagers meets extremely disturbed audience . Hope you fall into neither group .
0	While this outing certainly doesn 't live up to its predecessor , it does have more than its share of memorable moments . My personal favorite , just after laying waste to a city block with his " Videodisc Cannon , " we see a close up of Nimoy 's face . As a single tear sheds from his left eye , we know at that point that Nimoy is more than just a killing machine . The viewer can 't help but be pulled into his emotional turmoil and we understand that his previously flat affect was only a facade . Absolute brilliance ! ! ! The sex scenes display a nice balance , carnal , but not pornographic . Afterwards , I felt I had a pretty good understanding of how to work the Magnavision Videodisc Player . Too bad they haven 't produced them in over 25 years .
1	A superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo . Magnificent performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation , who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government , in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society . The film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society , and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia , which is subtly put across . There is a conflict of old ways and new ways , and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea 's superior ( played by Donald Sutherland ) , and Rea himself . These are at first polarised , with Sutherland ' high ' in system looking down , and Rea ' low ' on the ground , looking up . However , they have a common cause to catch the serial killer . Throughout the film the relationship between these two develops , and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other , the killer is caught , and Glasnost symbolically comes . Excellent script . Further credits go to Sutherland 's performance , which is superb and sympathetic , Jeffrey DeMunn as the killer whom we despise but can 't hate , and Max Von Sydow , who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help .
1	A tragically wonderful movie ... brings us to a Japan that does not exist anymore . Despite Hollywood 's technical expertise , I have yet to see a ( hollywood ) movie that can match the authenticity of the atmosphere in this small town by the river near the sea ... Tom Cruise 's The Last Samurai looked liked the last installment of the Lord of The Rings in trying to capture rural Old Japan . If you like serene but intense story lines , this is a must see film . It will be a respite from hollow flashy films much like the last 1000 blockbusters you saw . I think this is one of Kurosawa 's better stories . Even if it 's a movie about geishas and brothels and the complicated rules that govern life in such settings , it did not turn into a skin flick . The characters are full of depth and act with much intensity .
0	Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs . We have seen just about EVERYTHING , especially zombie flicks . Now , we have seen a lot of good zombie movies , and a lot of bad ones . This BY FAR is the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life . Not only was the acting horrible , but the special effects , graphics and ever " zombie " make-up was the worst I have seen . If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes ) This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it 's cover . Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying " This movie sucks , don 't waste your time , return NOW " hahahhaa I don 't want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this POS movie ! i don 't even know how it got the ratings that it did , t should be in the negative
0	as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless . TV told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early 1990s and made everyone look bad , and claimed we all made over $ 100 a day when $ 20-40 a day was much closer to reality. when someone drove by where i held up a sign offering to work , and offered me work , i actually went and took the work if i was physically able.and if i would been offered the $ 100,000 id damned sure invested in in apt prepaid for at least 2 years , and kept most in the bank and still left myself $ 10-20000 for NL $ 1-2 and $ 2-5 cash games at the casinos. i usually always win and could win decent if i just had a bankroll. instead i win about $ 1000 a month is all playing in always minimum buying in due to not wanting to risk losing it all. i was only homeless cause i didn 't wanna risk spending all my money and going broke , sometimes i had over $ 1000-2000 in my sock while i slept outside. anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard2003 on yahoo messenger.i admit i was different than most homeless people though , due to the fact i never drank smoke or took drugs. im no longer homeless , am now in govt housing for $ 177 a month and getting SSI and spend most of my time winning at online poker. mom and sunflower diversified worked hard to get me SSI. glad my days of hiding in under the stage in the convention center of the casino at night sleeping , worrying about getting caught by security are finally over. had this TV crew picked me theyd been over a lot sooner. its a shame how they don 't better select who they pick .
0	What is most striking about this semi-musical set in 1920s Berlin is the marvelous cinematography and editing . It 's top of the line from First National in these departments . The story is mildly engaging and similar to the plots of Miller 's other two films ( SUNNY , SALLY ) where working girl is romanced by rich boy with family disapproval , complications and final clinch . All the four musical numbers are bunched at the beginning of the film and we go for a long stretch without any further musical buoyancy . Miller sings parts of I THINK OF BABY and reprises BECAUSE OF YOU . There are also DON 'T EVER BE BLUE and THOUGH YOU 'RE NOT THE FIRST ONE . Miller here is very engaging and delightful , quite reminiscent of Irene Dunne in manner and delivery . Sad she does not dance as that is her forte . SALLY remains her finest film , with this trailing as second and the rather poor SUNNY a vastly inferior runner up . Her life was tragically cut short by a sinus infection before the days when hospitals and antibiotics made such tragedies preventable . It 's worth visiting these films though to see Ziegfeld 's top star of the twenties .
0	Guy walking around without motive ... I will never get those two hours of my life back . The guy kept on assuming identities and cheating on his pregnant wife . What was I thinking ? How did this win a price anywhere ? I understood he loved his father but other than that the movie was completely senseless to me . What was the purpose of walking so much and going to the funeral of a stranger for no apparent reason . How did this enrich his life ? ? ? Why did we have to see the dying old lady on her underwear ? ? ? ? ! ! ! Why ? ? ? ! ! ! ! I though it would be deep or about something more interesting . I do not recommend the movie even to leave on while sleeping ...
1	Vivacious & irrepressible , ANNE OF GREEN GABLES brings unlooked-for happiness into the lives of a lonely old sister & brother on Prince Edward Island . Lucy Maud Montgomery 's well-loved novel comes to life in this wonderful little movie . Excellent production values , a literate script and first class performances gives the story exactly the touch of quality it deserves . Taking her professional name from the character she portrayed , actress Anne Shirley is a joy as the red-headed fourteen-year-old orphan who completely alters the lives of her new guardians . Completely assured in her starring role , Miss Shirley is a delight , entertaining the viewer with Anne 's boundless imagination , quick temper and not-so-secret sorrows . Playing the stern spinster who gives the girl a home , Helen Westley also completely commands her role ; the viewer will enjoy seeing this sharp-tongued woman slowly unbend to Anne 's affection and child-like innocence . Australian character actor O. P. Heggie gives one of his finest performances as Westley 's shy , gentle brother who welcomes Anne into his heart from the moment he arrives to fetch her from the railroad station . Tom Brown most agreeably plays the schoolboy who quickly grabs Anne 's attention . Sara Haden is appropriately prickly as a nosy neighbor . Charley Grapewin makes the most of his few moments as Avonlea 's doctor .
1	Romance is in the air and love is in bloom in Victorian era England , in this light-hearted story set against a society in a time in which manners were still in vogue , the ladies were charming and elegant , and the gentlemen dashing . `Emma , ' based on the novel by Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath , stars the lovely Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role . A self-appointed matchmaker , Emma takes great delight in the romantic notion of playing Cupid and attempting to pair up those she feels are suited to one another . Coming off a successful matching that ended in marriage , she next sets her sights on finding a mate for her friend , Harriet ( Toni Collette ) , but the outcome of her initial attempt proves to be less than satisfying . Meanwhile , her endeavors are tempered by by the handsome Mr. Knightley ( Jeremy Northam ) , whose insights into matters of the heart often seem to be a bit more astute than Emma 's , and lend some needed balance to the proceedings . And Emma , so concerned with what is right for others , neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all : Her own . The world goes round and love abounds , but Emma is about to miss the boat . Luckily for her , however , the is someone just right for her waiting in the wings . Now , if she can but stop long enough to realize it . But as everyone who has known true love knows , matters of the heart can go right or wrong in an instant , depending upon the slightest thing ; and while romance is at hand for Emma , she must first recognize it , and seize the moment . McGrath has crafted and delivered a delightful , feel-good film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world . There may be an air of frivolity about it , but in retrospect , this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing there is-- in all honesty-- to just about anyone : Love . And with McGrath 's impeccable sense of pace and timing , it all plays out here in a way that is entirely entertaining and enjoyable . It 's a pleasant , affecting film , with a wonderful cast , that successfully transports the viewer to another time and another place . It 's light fare , but absorbing ; and the picturesque settings and proceedings offer a sense of well-being and calm that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow . The winsome Paltrow , who won the Oscar for best actress for `Shakespeare In Love ' two years after making this one , seems comfortable and right at home in this genre . She personifies all things British , and does it with such naturalness and facility that it 's the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether . She 's simply so good at what she does and makes it look so easy . She has a charismatic screen presence and an endearing manner , very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn . Yet Paltrow is unique . As an actor , she has a wide range and style and has demonstrated-- with such films as `Hard Eight , ' `Hush ' and `A Perfect Murder ' -- that she can play just about any part effectively , and with that personal touch that makes any role she plays her own . But it 's with characters like Emma that she really shines . She is so expressive and open , and her personality is so engaging , that she is someone to whom it is easy to relate and just a joy to watch , regardless of the part she is playing . And for Emma , she is absolutely perfect . Jeremy Northam also acquits himself extremely well in the role of Knightley , and like Paltrow , seems suited to the genre-- in the right role , that is ; his performance in the more recent `The Golden Bowl , ' in which he played an Italian Prince , was less than satisfying . Here , however , he is perfect ; he is handsome , and carries himself in such a way that makes Knightley believable and very real . Like Colin Firth 's Mr. Darcy in the miniseries `Pride and Prejudice , ' Northam has created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley . Also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention are Toni Collette , as Emma 's friend Harriet Smith ; and Alan Cumming , as the Reverend Elton . Respectively , Collette and Cumming create characters who are very real people , and as such become a vital asset to the overall success of this film . And it demonstrates just how invaluable the supporting players are in the world of the cinema , and to films of any genre . The supporting cast includes Greta Scacchi ( Mrs. Weston ) , Denys Hawthorne ( Mr. Woodhouse ) , Sophie Thompson ( Miss Bates ) , Kathleen Byron ( Mrs. Goddard ) , Phyllida Law ( Mrs. Bates ) , Polly Walker ( Jane Fairfax ) and Ewan McGregor ( Frank Churchill ) . An uplifting , elegant film , `Emma ' is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world too often beset with unpleasantness . And even if it 's only through the magic of the silver screen , it 's nice to be able to escape to such a world as this , if only for a couple of hours , as it fulfills the need for that renewal of faith in the human spirit . And that 's the magic of the movies . I rate this one 9 / 10 .
1	This is just one more example of the absolute genius of Gene Wilder . He wrote and starred in this terrific mystery . No one could have done it better . The suspense was palpable throughout . I wish Mr. Wilder would grace us with another of these . I have enjoyed everything I have ever seen Mr. Wilder in but I had no idea how truly talented he was until I saw " Murder in a Small Town , " and this follow-on . He truly has a firm grasp on what audiences want and how to deliver it in his writing and , of course , in his brilliant acting . His subtle wit comes through in spades . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes mysteries and / or Gene Wilder 's film work . His star just gets brighter and brighter .
1	This movie is about basically human relations , and the interaction between them . The main character is an old lady who at the twilight of her life starts a journey to her past , doing an analysis of how she lived her life . This journey is precipitated because of the sons economic crisis and his intentions to put her in a nursing home . It is a very honest look to some issues that we all ask ourselves at some point in life , and there is plenty of secondary ideas to discuss in this movie such as family legacy , real love , marriage or destiny. although this type of movie melodramas are nothing new , this one can be useful to watch it with family members to discuss some ideas . There is a good performance by the actors and the characters are very believable , but because of the time some characters are maybe not fully developed . I really recommend this movie for a quiet Saturday afternoon .
1	Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar , but is totally worthwhile . It really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s . Which is why I 'd have loved to see follow-up movies ... but judging by the rest of Full Moon 's output there simply weren 't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience . Unfortunately , thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate , because without em ' this could have been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up . Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are great - I wasn 't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn 't wandered off an A-list picture onto this film , she was very believable . No , seriously ! Anyway - it 's a shame they didn 't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange , because I think this could have been a total kiddie phenom .
0	Reed Diamond plays a man suffering from amnesia who 's been in a mental asylum for over a decade after he was found wondering the back roads with blood on his hands . The doctors want to test out an experimental new drug that 'll return his lost memories if it works . But when the drugs give him hallucinations of a demon , he chooses to escape instead . While outside he befriends a young boy whose stepfather ( Greg Grunberg ) mistreats his mother , won 't let her near the darkroom in his basement & acts suspicious in general . While the general ' mystery ' of the film is a tad easy to identify way before it 's revealed , I found Mr. Diamond 's acting to be enthralling enough to keep my attention throughout . ( In the interest of full disclosure , I 've been a huge fan of his since Homicide and his brief , but extremely pivotal , role in The Shield up through Journeyman & Dollhouse ) Not a great film nor a good one , but serviceable enough . Although I did like it better than the previous films that I 've seen from Director / writer Michael Hurst ( Room 6 , Pumkinhead 4 , Mansquito ) Eye Candy : one fleeting pair of boobs in a hallucination My Grade : C-
0	Possibly not , but it is awful . Even the fantastic cast cant save it . OK , I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house . Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted , humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren 't funny , its like he was trying too hard to be funny . His character stole a weapon ( an RV ? come on ... ) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers , for a laugh . One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are , albeit unintentionally . I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released .
0	Non existent plot , tons of poorly directed / super-cheesy scenes ( Snipers / world famous sharpshooters who can 't even hit their targets a few feet away ? plus what 's up with the ending ? --- > a bunch of law enforcers vandalizing a carnival 's shooting gallery ? WTH ? ) , technical mistakes ( how many bullets can you fit into a magazine of a glock ? 100 + ? These people fire their guns without the need of reloading ) . The movie is so bad that even senior Hollywood actor like Michael Biehn ( Aliens , terminator ) can 't save this junk . DO not watch this movie ( I realized that I wasted some good 100 minutes of my precious life on this one ) . Hopefully the director would either stop making movies , or learn more for his next movie .
0	I picked this title up from a friend who had it sitting in his exhaustive DVD / Video / Laserdisc collection , so luckily I didn 't personally have to pay for it . I had an inkling that it would be a bad film , but I KNOW what a truly bad film is after watching greats like Children Shouldn 't Play With Dead Things and The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies , and now there is truly nothing that fazes me unless it is astoundingly bad . Solar Crisis is bad , but it doesn 't reach that sweet spot of absolute pain that some movies are at . Anyway , the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar flare towards the earth that will essentially destroy it . In order to counter-act this imminent threat , humanity has assembled a spaceship and crew whose duty it is to fire an antimatter bomb ( which the opening describes as " the biggest explosive ever " ) into the sun , which through some convoluted sci-fi logic will cause the flare to shoot out at a different angle , leaving earth unharmed . Never mind that what I have just described to you sounds like a bad episode of the original Star Trek . Even with an ensemble cast ( Charlton Heston , Peter Boyle , and Jack Palance ) , Solar Crisis can barely manage that level of mediocrity , thanks to a plot that starts simple , yet becomes increasingly nonsensical as time wears on . The crowning achievement of this debacle of a movie is the addition of a villain character ( played by Boyle ) who insists on sabotaging the mission . Through means that are never explained , he sends an evil minion with an embarrassingly bad haircut to exercise some sort of vague electronic mind control over the space crew 's genetically engineered scientist , played by female lead Annabel Schofield . Why is he sabotaging the mission ? Because by his moronic viewpoint , he believes the flare won 't happen and that when it doesn 't , he will become fabulously wealthy because he has dug his evil claws into the stock market . In effect , you have a villain with the most absurdly stupid motivation imaginable . The film 's plot becomes amazingly convoluted and develops very slowly , in time tapping the use of characters who have only vague or uselessly brief roles in the storyline . I could sit here and explain in detail precisely what happens to demonstrate the sheer inability of the screenwriter to make a plot that actually clicks or holds your attention , but I am sitting here writing this review on Microsoft Word and I know for a fact that this would take three pages , and I would only succeed in losing your interest . But then again , you would probably get the same effect from watching the film . Anyway , the film is miserably bogged down with exceedingly poor dialogue . Imagine if all that ever happened on the Star Trek Enterprise was that the characters spewed sci-fi jargon back and forth at each-other . Yes , I know , they already do that , but imagine if that 's ALL they did , and that they used said jargon to set up vague and near-nonsensical scenes that produce no excitement , tension , or interest in the viewer whatsoever . This is best exemplified at the point when a character in a Zero-G environment screws a bolt back onto a metal box before proceeding to cry in agony for a couple of minutes before suddenly exploding . The script alludes previously to the character risking an explosion , but doesn 't bother to give any solid answer as to why or how this occurs , nor why he can 't really escape . In totality , you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable . Then we have several scenes where dramatic build-up leads to nothing . Jack Palance 's performance is wasted on a character that serves only to drive the boy hero ( don 't ask ) around the desert , before getting roughed up and killed by a bunch of suits . On his death-bed , Palance finally tells our boy hero his last name ( while wearing a horrible bruised makeup job that makes it look like somebody put a balloon under his eyeball ) , which he kept quiet about before . Colonel Travis J. Richards . The boy repeats it quietly after he expires , giving viewers the impression that the name is of some significance later on in the film . Perhaps Charlton Heston 's grizzled admiral character knows him and the plot will advance thereby once his name is repeated . Something . Anything . Nope . Sorry . Any hopes you have will be dashed when this moment turns out only to be another of many pathetic , failed attempts at creating dramafor a character so flat and hackneyed that it will forever be a stain on Palance 's career , just as those of the rest of the cast are similarly marred . Completing the film is a painfully abrupt ending featuring Schofield piloting the bomb into the center of the sun in an effort to redeem her deeds while under the villain 's spell , a climax which features another of the film 's considerably well-done visual effects sequences that , even for the visibly elaborate care put into them , still always manage to make the film look just as chintzy as it really is . The saddest part about this film is the obviously large budget , tragically wasted on a stinker of a script and a supporting cast behind Boyle , Heston , and Palance that manage to nail the coffin shut with pure over-acting . Grade : D-
1	I was but a babe in arms when George Lucas was wowing the world with his out of this world Saga chronicling the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar but even today 20 years on I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and the incredible imagination he 's been blessed with . In A New Hope Lucas showed a new way to tell stories as he introduced us to such memorable characters as the plucky Princess Leia , the Rougish Han Solo and the spirited Luke Skywalker as well as that best loved of villains , the sinister Darth Vadar . In The Empire Strikes Back he went all out to show us Special Effects can add to a tale and managed to something no-one thought you could do on screen . He made a film with no specific end or beginning and it went down a treat . Return of the Jedi is a fitting end to a Saga that will stand the test of time . When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with encasing of the lovable Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke reeling from the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father we were left with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse . Vadar it seemed had won the day . How we asked could the rebels ever recover from this blow ? In Lucas stunning and captivating final chapter we are kept on the edges of our seats from Han 's daring rescue from Jabba 's palace to the the final climactic battle on the Death Star between Luke and Vadar as Luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a Jedi and rebel fighter and attempting to reawaken the good he believes is still in his Father 's soul . Old friends like the smooth talking Lando Calrissian and the ever lovable Chewbacca reunite for one final battle to end all battles as a new darker more dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor himself ( played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.How he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery . ) desperate to turn Luke to the Dark Side even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar.All in black with his red eyes , ghostly white disfigured face and sinister laugh he truly is a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed Master of the events that unfold . His new and improved Death Star spells disaster for the rebels but the brave group launch one last desperate attack to end the Empire 's reign for good . Lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so that the audience is riveted . We watch in excitement as Han and Leia attempt to bring down the shield around the Death Star from the forest Moon of Endor with the help of some adorable Ewoks ( who I really do not believe take from the movie at all . In fact I feel they provide a sort reprieve from the tension of the battles at and in the Death Star ) and hindered by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers . We cheer on Lando and the other pilots as they take on the mighty Imperial Fleet and risk life and limb to fly into the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all . And we watch with bated breath as Vadar and the Emperor attempt to turn Luke to the Dark Side while he in turn tries to turn his Father back . But for me the most difficult and yet compelling battles is that going on inside Darth Vadar . For ROTJ is a battle of emotions and feelings . Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emporer and the Empire and his Fatherly inclinations to Luke . Never did I think that a mask could show emotion but some-how one can 't but see the confusion and pain on Vadar 's face during the final scenes as the Emporer turns on Luke . There is more depth and emotion to Vadar than I believed a villain , especially one more machine then man could have and that I think is what makes him so accessible . He is conflicted . The Apprentice as much as the Master . The Victim as much as the Villain . Without ruining the end too much Vadar 's final scene is the most poignant and wonderful in the trilogy . So in conclusion what can I say . George Lucas is the master of the Saga . Star Wars is the most compelling and engaging Sagas I 've seen in a long time and I have yet to see another Saga rival it . Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to provide the ending Lucas masterpiece deserves . It 's action , suspense , romance , tragedy , redemption , joy all rolled into one and it 's memorable characters , wonderful special effects and catchy music make both a great movie in its own right and an ending that Lucas can be proud of .
0	Granting the budget and time constraints of serial production , BATMAN AND ROBIN nonetheless earns a place near the bottom of any " cliffhanger " list , utterly lacking the style , imagination , and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor , BATMAN . The producer , Sam Katzman , was known as " King of the Quickies " and , like his director , Spencer Bennett , seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with generating excitement . ( Unfortunately , this team also produced the two Superman serials , starring Kirk Alyn , with their tacky flying animation , canned music , and dull supporting players . ) The opening of each chapter offers a taste of things to come : thoroughly inane titles ( " Robin Rescues Batman , " " Batman vs Wizard " ) , mechanical music droning on , and our two heroes stumbling toward the camera looking all around , either confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap Halloween masks . Batman 's cowl , with its devil 's horns and eagle 's beak , fits so poorly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes . His " utility belt " is a crumpled strip of cloth with no compartments , from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and an oxygen tube at critical moments ! In any case , the lead players are miscast . Robert Lowery displays little charm or individual flair as Bruce Wayne , and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure as Batman . He creates the impression that he 'd rather be somewhere , anywhere else ! John Duncan , as Robin , has considerable difficulty handling his limited dialogue . He is too old for the part , with an even older stuntman filling in for him . Out of costume , Lowery and Duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen ambling out for a drink , without one ounce of the chemistry evident between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 serial . Although serials were not known for character development , the earlier BATMAN managed to present a more energetic cast . This one offers a group going through the motions , not that the filmmakers provide much support . Not one of the hoodlums stands out , and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever , " The Wizard . " ( Great name ! ) Actually , they are led by someone sporting a curtain , a shawl , and a sack over his head , with a dubbed voice that desperately tries to sound menacing . The " prime suspects " -- an eccentric professor , a radio broadcaster -- are simply annoying . Even the established comic book " regulars " are superfluous . It is hard to discern much romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne . Despite the perils she faces , Vicki displays virtually no emotion . Commissioner Gordon is none-too-bright . Unlike in the previous serial , Alfred the butler is a mere walk-on whose most important line is " Mr Wayne 's residence . " They are props for a drawn-out , gimmick-laden , incoherent plot , further saddled with uninspired , repetitive music and amateurish production design . The Wayne Manor exterior resembles a suburban middle-class home in any sitcom , the interiors those of a cheap roadside motel . The Batcave is an office desperately in need of refurbishing . ( The costumes are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet ! ) Pity that the filmmakers couldn 't invest more effort into creating a thrilling adventure . While the availability of the two serials on DVD is a plus for any serious " Batfan , " one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box . They capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all 15 chapters of BATMAN AND ROBIN combined . Now for the good news -- this is not the 1997 version !
0	All the kids aged from 14-16 want to see this movie ( although you are only allowed at 18 ) . They have heard it is a very scary movie and they feel so cool when they watched it . I feel very sad kids can 't see what a good movie is , and what a bad movie is . This was one of the worst movies i saw in months . Every scene you see in this movie is a copy from another movie . And the end ? It 's an open ending ... why ? Because it is impossible to come up with a decent en for such a stupid story . This movie is just made to make you scared , and if you are a bit smart and know some about music , you exactly know when you 'll be scared . When the movie was finished and i turned to my friend and told ( a bit to loud ) him that this was a total waste of money , some stupid kid looked strange at me . These day i could make an Oscar with a home-video of my goldfish , if only i use the right marketing .
1	From the excellent acting of an extremely impressive cast , to the intelligently written ( and very quotable ) script , from the lavish cinematography to the beautiful music score by Carter Burwell , Rob Roy offers a rarity in movie going experiences : one that is nigh impossible to find fault with in any area . There have been several comparisons made with Braveheart , which came out the same year . With all due credit to Mel Gibson , Braveheart struck me as too much of a self-conscious and preachy epic to rival Rob Roy as the kind of movie I would care to see more than once . While Braveheart works hard to be a serious epic , Rob Roy just grabs you and absorbs you into its tightly edited storytelling . Not a single scene is wasted . Rob Roy contains the perfect balance of dramatic tension , action and even occasional humor . The characters are well fleshed-out , perfectly conveying vernacular and mannerisms that anchor them in their authentic period setting . Further , they are not caricatures of good and evil as we all too often observe in even modern film . For example , while we hope the heroic Rob Roy prevails , we realize his predicaments are products of his own pride and sense of honor . Tim Roth plays one of the most hateful bad guys in the history of cinema , yet there are moments when we can understand how the events of his life have shaped him into becoming what he is . Rob Roy employs a level of character development that makes its story even more believable and gripping . Rob Roy is a delightful treasure , featuring one of the greatest sword fights ever choreographed and a climatic ending worthy of all the tense anticipation .
0	Certainly not horrible , but definitely not good . Cry , The Beloved Country ( 1995 ) was directed by Darrell Roodt and written for the screen by Ronald Harwood ( Adapted from the 1946 novel by Alan Paton ) . Starring James Earl Jones and Richard Harris . The film is about pre-Apartheid South Africa , and the stories of a black man and a white man intertwining . The pious but naive preacher Stephen Kumalo ( James Earl Jones ) receives a letter from Johannesburg saying that he must come immediately ; he later finds that his son has killed a man . The rich farmer / landowner James Jarvis ( Richard Harris ) finds that his son , a fighter for black rights , was the one killed by Kumalo 's son . In this they connect . I cannot compare it to the 1951 film of the same name , for I have not seen it . Or the 1974 musical titled Lost in the Stars for I have also not seen it ; both look better than this one . But Cry Freedom , on the other hand , I have seen ; it has a much more urgent air to it , like it actually is trying to say something where the film Cry , The Beloved Country seems to have no idea where it is going . Very " Wishy-washy " . I refuse to compare the film to the novel ( except that I did enjoy the novel more than I enjoyed the film ) because novels and films are two extremely different media and there is no point in trying to transfer directly one to the other or compare them via the same means . Frankly , this movie blew . Well , I guess it wasn 't that bad , --Five-out-of-ten , -- but it wasn 't that good either . Both of the leads , both very capable actors pull some of the most wooden performances I have seen with some of the most awkward dialogue in film history ( but that can be blamed on he screenwriter , Ronald Harwood , who is also oddly off is game with this film , having also written the sublime The Pianist , and Being Julia ) . Among other things the point and themes of the novel are lost almost entirely in its transition to film for the third time ; there is little , if any , tension with any moment of the film , racially or suspensefully . The music doesn 't help . The painfully misplaced and boringly pastoral orchestra tracks really help with this dulling down of the film . One upside is the cinematography , with many rather good or great shots , but unfortunately , this does not help the film too much . The last , striking words of Alan Paton 's novel are displayed in the last moments of the film . It is too bad that they seem to be so disconnected from the film that was just shown . I don 't know what Nelson Mandela might have seen in this film . Thanks for your time .
1	By Hook or By Crook is a tremendously innovative film from a pair of immensely smart and talented filmmakers , Harry Dodge and Silas Howard . They manage to tell an original story in a distinctive cinematic style , and it 's beautifully shot by Ann T. Rosetti , and wonderfully written -- truly poetic . The lead characters are true heroes and serve as a rare kind of role model / inspiration for butch dykes and trannies everywhere . This film has so much energy , so much poignant passion and scruffy San Francisco heart to it . I can 't recommend it highly enough ! The best butch buddy movie of all time !
0	I sat through this at GenCon only because it was quiet and I could nap . What a waste of time . Beverly D 'Angelo and William Katt ? WTF ? Were the lady who played Flo and Abe Vigoda busy or something ? Truly , a piece of unfunny garbage . The characters were stereotypical without meaning to ( I think ... ) and wooden , most of them seemed like they were on autopilot . The so-called " hilarious " situations described in some of the other so-called reviews were so hackneyed , I weeped for the writers . I 'm confused as to how anyone can find this worth their time , seriously . I 'm only giving it 3 out of 10 because in order to be a 2 or 1 , it would need to be either five-hours long or feature more Kelly LeBrock .
0	This is one of them movies that has a awesome video box but has wired camra work and unknown actors that speak with bad dialogue.Its so dark when the killings happen you can hardly see it plus the movie is hard to understand.The only star in this is WCW`s Vanessa Sanchez ( Tygres in WCW before it folded ) and she is a good actress . I like low budget film especialy ones that has errors because they are fun to watch but Severed unfourtunatly isn`t one of them.This movie is ok to see if you like voodoo and severed heads but this is no blockbuster but if you need something new to watch then rent Severed .
1	First of all , this film was not released to theatres ( TESTED POORLY THEY SAY ) , I say they figured the story of crooked cops , politicians & dedicated newspaper people had been done to death , just send it DVD & cable TV > & take the money & run . That being said I usually like this type of movie , especially with this named cast . Morgan Freeman , Justin Timberlake , Kevin Spacey , L.L.Cool J , Cary Elways , John Heard & on the distaff side , Piper Perabo & Roslyn Sanchez . The plot & story have been done to death , BUT the above cast brings life to this violent movie & it is actually watchable . Justin Timberlake Is good as the dedicated young reporter for a throw-away newspaper edited by Morgan Freeman , The others are either crooked Cops , & Politicians or somewhat decent guys , The 2 ladies are the girl friends of LL COOL J & JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE & do whats required , It is quite violent , many killings etc , not for children . By no means is the a great film , BUT for what it is & the cast It is definitely good , Ratings * * * ( out of 4 ) 86 points ( out of 100 ) IMDb 8 ( out of 10 )
1	This movie is among my favorite foreign films , some of the others are Amilee and My Life As a Dog . The similarities with those movies as with so many great foreign films , is that it takes a mundane slice of life and transforms it into a profound heartfelt lesson . In Japan , a man who is bored with his mundane life and the rut of his married life , sees a beautiful Japanese woman staring out the window of a dance studio . In the instant that it takes his train to pass , he is enthralled by her . But is it only by her beauty , by her faraway glance , or a connection that they will both discover that they share ? Shall We Dance has memorable wonderful characters who have to deal with painful realities by transcending them through the world of dance . Breaking traditional moulds and stereo types of Japanese society , they risk all for happiness and find that joy is not too far away . It is one of those movies that is so magical and meaningful and , in itself , transcends the mundane by showing the true magic and miracle that life can be .
0	one word boring. the young demi looks good , but she 's pregnant ( - point for that = D ) the movie is not scary at all ... the first scenes looked little crappy , i could render better clouds with my laptop , and after effects. but that was then ... and now is now. some movies do not get old well ... this is one of them. not worth renting or buying ... get something better instead like the exorcist , ... next = D oh the drama part in the beginning just and simply suxor = D
1	* * * SPOILERS * * * Seething with hatred and revenge half breed Zach Provo , James Coburn , had spent the last 11 years on a chain gang planing his escape . What Provo want 's more then freedom is to even the score with the man who captured him and in the process , during a wild shootout , killed his Navajo wife : The former Pima County sheriff Sam Burgade , Charlton Heston . Making his escape after killing two prison guards Provo makes his way towards Yuma knowing that that 's not just where Burgade lives but where his his young daughter Susan , Barbara Hershey , resides as well . Using his fellow escaped convicts to lure Burgade into the vast Arizona Desert , by promising them $ 30,000.00 in gold coins that he buried there , Provo plans to exact his bloody vengeance on Burgade . But only after having him witness his daughter being brutally raped by his fellow convicts or are , in not being with a woman for years , as horny as a rabbit during mating season ! Brutal and very effective western that updates the John Wayne 1956 classic " The Searchers " in a father searching through dangerous Indian territory for his kidnapped daughter . Charlton Heston as the guilt-ridden Sam Burgade in his felling somehow responsible for killing Provo 's wife and then having to face the fact that the same thing can very well happen to his daughter Susan is perfect in the role of the aging and retired sheriff . Charles Coburn as the vengeful half breed Zach Provo is also at his best as the obsessed with hatred and murder escaped convict . The man who escaped with Provo are really not interest in his personal affairs but have no choice , in that he knows the territory like the back of his hand , but to go along with him . It 's only the thought of them having their way with Susan , when Provo gives them the green light , as well as the buried $ 30,000.00 in gold coins that keeps them from breaking up and going their own way . Also going along with Burgade is Susan 's boyfriend Hal Brickman , Chris Mitchum , who proves in the end that he 's as good as Burgade is , who felt that he just didn 't have it in him , in both tracking down the escaped criminals as well as using common sense , which in this case Burgade lacks , in doing it . * * * SPOILERS * * * * The unbelievably brutal and blood splattered showdown between Burgade and Provo is almost too much to sit through . Provo who 's hatred of Burgade bordered on out right insanity wanted him to suffer a slow and excruciating death. it was that hatred that Bugrade took advantage of and , after taking some half dozen bullets , thus ended up putting the crazed and blood thirsty , as well as mindless , lunatic away for good !
1	Back in the forties , when movies touched on matters not yet admissible in " polite " society , they resorted to codes which supposedly floated over the heads of most of the audience while alerting those in the know to just what was up . Probably no film of the decade was so freighted with innuendo as the oddly obscure Desert Fury , set in a small gambling oasis called Chuckawalla somewhere in the California desert . Proprietress of the Purple Sage saloon and casino is the astonishing Mary Astor , in slacks and sporting a cigarette holder ; into town drives her handful-of-a-daughter , Lizabeth Scott , looking , in Technicolor , like 20-million bucks . But listen to the dialogue between them , which suggests an older Lesbian and her young , restless companion ( one can only wonder if A.I. Bezzerides ' original script made this relationship explicit ) . Even more blatant are John Hodiak as a gangster and Wendell Corey as his insanely jealous torpedo . Add Burt Lancaster as the town sheriff , stir , and sit back . Both Lancaster and ( surprisingly ) Hodiak fall for Scott . It seems , however , that Hodiak not only has a past with Astor , but had a wife who died under suspicious circumstances . The desert sun heats these ingredients up to a hard boil , with face-slappings aplenty and empurpled exchanges . Don 't pass up this hothouse melodrama , chock full of creepily exotic blooms , if it comes your way ; it 's a remarkable movie .
1	We loved the movie . I am a mother to two little men . I love having a movie I can watch with them where men have integrity and character . Moveis where money is not the most important thing . And family 's are forever and love means more then words . I do wish we saw more of the Davis family . But over all I loved it left me with the same feeling the others did " please don 't be over " . We both wish actors would not change.The new actors were good replacement tho . My 9 year old son loved this movie too. asked me to go buy them all . He is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something . Family should all see this move buy it for friends . Help bring back a time of values . We will be Reading the books now that we are hooked. really hope to see more . Be Blessed happy moving
0	Lynne Ramsey makes arresting images , and Samantha Morton can summon feeling with a gesture . So what a drag to discover their talents wasted on this mannered , pretentious lark . Ramsey can 't bring Callar to life . Her attempts are too arty and oblique . Repeatedly her camera lingers on long silent shots of the agonizing actress as if Morton 's obliterated gaze alone could supply character . We are in a blank Warholian hell of self-indulgence : for a film that has minutes to spare on bugs crawling across the floor , you might think it could get round to fleshing out its protagonist . But how will it do so if she rarely speaks ? Without the novel 's interior monologue , the celluloid Morvern Callar is nobody . Small wonder Ramsey has Morton undress often . That said , the first ten minutes were so impressively acted , shot and edited that my hopes were soaring . Give the film that much : it knows how to make promises , if not how to keep any .
1	In all truth , this really isn 't a " movie " so much as an extended final episode ; by this I mean that , had you NOT followed the TV series ( Homicide : Life On The Street ) I suspect that you would have a hard time following this made-for-tv movie . Having said that , " Homicide : The Movie " is still a great watch . I think it says a lot about a television production that EVERY single cast member would return , many after years of absence , to once again portray their characters and bring closure to an incredible program . The movie brings out that sense of " family " , not only amongst the characters , but amongst the actors , as well . It 's all very bitter-sweet knowing that this will be the LAST time we will see them all together again under the title of HOMICIDE . Story-wise , I found this film somewhat lacking . Giardello 's mayoral candidacy seems particularly contrived , and I felt his shooting could 've been dealt with within the parameters of his regular position , as Leiutenant . Also , Det . Bayliss 's extreme plot twist , which was left hanging at series end , is finally resolved , but I , for one , NEVER felt that it needed to be ; I enjoyed being left with a mystery ( let us recall that the very first episode 's first case also went unsolved for the entire series run ! ) . As a DEVOTED fan of the TV series I can love this movie , and the fact that it even got made after H : LOTS had been canceled , but I would not recommend it to anyone who hasn 't had the slightest exposure to the series . Now , if they 'd just release it on DVD ...
0	Contains spoilers . The British director J. Lee Thompson made some excellent films , notably ' Ice Cold in Alex ' and ' Cape Fear ' , but ' Country Dance ' is one of his more curious offerings . The story is set among the upper classes of rural Scotland , and details the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson , an eccentric aristocratic landowner , his sister Hilary , and Hilary 's estranged husband Douglas , who is hoping for a reconciliation with her . We learn that during his career as an Army officer , Charles was regarded as having ' low moral fibre ' . This appears to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition ; throughout the film he displays an attitude of gloomy disillusionment with the world , and his main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and his whisky bottle . The film ends with his committal to an upper-class lunatic asylum . Peter O 'Toole was , when he was at his best as in ' Lawrence of Arabia ' , one of Britain 's leading actors , but the quality of his work was very uneven , and ' Country Dance ' is not one of his better films . He overacts frantically , making Charles into a caricature of the useless inbred aristocrat , as though he were auditioning for a part in the Monty Python ' Upper-Class Twit of the Year ' sketch . Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are rather better , but there is no really outstanding acting performance in the film . There is also little in the way of coherent plot , beyond the tale of Charles 's inexorable downward slide . The main problem with the film , however , is neither the acting nor the plot , but rather that of the Theme That Dare Not Speak Its Name . There are half-hearted hints of an incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary , or at least of an incestuous attraction towards her on his part , and that his dislike of Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy . Unfortunately , even in the swinging sixties and early seventies ( the date of the film is variously given as either 1969 or 1970 ) there was a limit to what the British Board of Film Censors was willing to allow , and a film with an explicitly incestuous theme was definitely off-limits . ( The American title for the film was ' Brotherly Love ' , but this was not used in Britain ; was it too suggestive for the liking of the BBFC ? ) These hints are therefore never developed and we never get to see what motivates Charles or what has caused his moral collapse , resulting in a hollow film with a hole at its centre . 4 / 10
1	Typical De Palma movie made with lot 's of style and some scene 's that will bring you to the edge of your seat . Most certainly the thing that makes this movie better as the average thriller , is the style . It has some brilliantly edited scene 's and some scene 's that are truly nerve wrecking that will bring you to the edge of your seat . The best scene 's from the movie ; The museum scene and the elevator murder . There are some mild erotic scene 's and the movies pace might not be fast enough for the casual viewer to fully appreciate this movie . So this movie might not be suitable for everybody . The story itself is also quite good but it really is the style that makes the movie work ! It might be for the fans only but also casual viewers should appreciate the well build up tension in the movie . There are some nice character portrayed by a good cast . Michael Caine is an interesting casting choice and Angie Dickinson acts just as well as she is good looking ( not bad for a 49-year old ! ) . The musical score by Pino Donaggio is also typically De Palma like and suits the movie very well , just like his score for the other De Palma movie , " Body Double " . Brilliant nerve wrecking thriller . I love De Palma ! 10 / 10
1	It 's a little disconcerting to have a character named Gig Young in a movie ... played by Gig Young . But this film is where Gig got his name and also a nice career boost after playing small parts under another name . I 'm going to go against the majority of the other comments and state that I really enjoyed this film , mainly because of the vibrant performance of Barbara Stanwyck as Fiona . She was funny , angry , vulnerable , caring , and feisty as the oldest of three daughters whose mother died on the Lusitania , and whose father was later killed during Woar War I. As the " man " of the house , Fiona has stood steadfast for years against settling her father 's will which would therefore allow a Donald Trump type named Charles Barclay to get the family home . But Fiona 's keeping a secret as to why she hates Barclay so much . Geraldine Fitzgerald is the middle , flirty sister , who is married to an Englishman but craves her youngest sister 's boyfriend ( Gig Young ) . If you 're a Stanwyck fan , this is a no miss .
1	The Sopranos stands out as an airtight , dynamic exploration of American life , and how the American experience is shaped and defined by money . By setting the story in the milieu of the underworld , David Chase eliminates all barriers to a grunt , low to the ground and outright mean deconstruction of the post-modern era . Every character represents a facet of American industry . Tony Soprano exemplifies the beleaguered working stiff , torn between familial duty and a need to keep his " business " on an even keel . The convergence of these two things is the imperative that keeps the story moving forward . The characters of Christopher , Paulie , and Bobby reflect the loyal - but self-serving underlings present in every enterprise , who are trusted out of necessity rather than merit . With the character of Ralph , Joe Pantoliano essays a brilliant interpretation of the charismatic psychopath , a twisted businessman who 's flourishes of violence are tragically outweighed by his stunning earning power . And Dominic Chianese is the ultimate symbol of the antiquated old-guard , which maintains power through established relationships and the need of the up- and-comers to deflect blame . Though abrasive and occasionally disturbing , The Sopranos has earned its place as the ultimate TV drama . PS A good companion piece to Chase 's series would be The Shield , another violent drama that manages to make the ugliest of characters interesting .
1	My grandmother bought me this film when I was 5 ( I 've always love scary movies ) and even then I enjoyed it . The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining . I especially love the scenes where the RV is under attack in the desert . The rocks are actually convincing for such a low-budget flick . The acting is above average for these kinds of films and the music is eerie . This is definitely an uder-rated gem . I recommend it to anyone who likes these strange films from the late seventies , early eighties such as " Alice , Sweet Alice " , " Poor Pretty Eddie " , " Nightmare " , " Hospital Massacre " , and " Return of the Aliens , the Deadly Spawn " . Definitely a classic ! !
1	well " Wayne 's World " is long gone and the years since then have been hard for snl off-shoot movies. from such cinematic offal as " It 's Pat " to the recent 80 minute yawn , " A Night at the Roxbury , " many have , no doubt , lost faith that any other snl skit will ever make a successful transition to the silver screen. well fear not because Tim Meadows comes through in spades. the well-written plot maintains audience interest until the very end and while it remains true to the Leon Phelps character introduced in the five minute skit , the storyline allows the character to develop. the humor ( consisting largely of sex jokes ) is fresh and interesting and made me laugh harder than i have in any movie in recent memory. its a just great time if you don 't feel like taking yourself too seriously . Tiffany-Amber Thiessen of " Saved by the Bell " fame , makes an appearance in the film and looks incredible. finally Billy Dee Williams , reliving his Colt 45 days , gives the movie a touch of class. and for those out there who are mindless movie quoters like myself , you will find this movie to be eminently quotable , " ooh , it 's a lady ! "
0	I chose this movie by the cover which was a bad move . It wasn 't funny at all and the main characters were obnoxious . The girl was beautiful but the story and the acting were terrible . It had absolutely nothing to do with surfing . Terrible movie with a surf " theme " that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers . Catherine Zeta Jones was beautiful and the movie will probably see a resurgence just becuase she is in the limelight now , being married with Gordon Gekko and all , but if you haven 't seen it don 't waste your time . A bad movie with GREAT surfing , REAL surfers and AMAZING , BEAUTIFUL cinematography was IN GOD 'S HANDS .
0	Is it a remake og the Thing ( 1982 / 1951 ) , i think it is , there are so many factors from det previous movies do deny it . So the acting is bad , James Spader does a superlow stargate re-enactment of himself , with his coffy mug and his somwhat strange thinking / movements but that 's about it , the other actors i did 't even notise . You don 't get the feeling of getting to know anyone of the main characters . And the plot evolvement is slow , boring and , yah i know what is about to happend in 30mins . Score / music is ultraboring , imean there are alot of ubertallented people out there that would make scores for a coke and a credit , but this is major crap . Some of the special effects are nice , if it was made in early 90 's . If you like Slimy Aliens , chills and thrills , don 't whatch this movie. its a dull combination of the Thing , Alien 3 , Outbreak and some Jerry Bruckheimer / Michael Bay production gone really really bad . Now this combination would be cool if somone knew what they where doing , and the only ones on this production that knew that was , no one . Though i have seen far worse , i would not recomend this movie to anyone , but if you are up one cold night , and just wanna glanse at something , it will pass the time , slowly .
0	Identical twin sisters Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen climbed to fame in sitcoms like " Two of a Kind " , I had never seen them in anything before , but I had an idea of what to expect , but it was much worse . Basically the Hunter sisters Charli ( Mary-Kate ) and Leila ( Ashley ) are in Rome for a Summer Intern Program , but not long after starting their jobs they are immediately fired for a series of mishaps . But the man who owns the company they are working in , Derek Hammond ( Julian Stone ) , gives them their jobs back , and they they do slowly prove themselves useful assets , and talented ( fashion ) artists , and help stop a mean man taking over the company . Also starring Leslie Danon as Jami , Derek Lee Nixon as Ryan , Ilenia Lazzarin as Dari , Archie Kao as Nobu , Valentina Mattolini as Heidi , Michelangelo Tommaso as Paolo and Matt Patresi as Enrico Tortoni . You can tell that this film was made to go straight to video , the camera-work is completely mismatched , and it doesn 't help when you want to admire the sights of Rome . In fact the background is the only good thing to watch , the twin sisters are two of the most annoying celebrities around , I knew before watching that they weren 't going to interest me in any way ( their not even that pretty ) , this is awful gush of rubbish film . Pretty poor !
1	It 's very very funny . You know , just like a comedy is supposed to be . It also looks very very good , like a Hollywood Spectacular should . So , what more do you want ? Howz about a very VERY good Sally Fields . She is so much better here than in anything else I 've ever seen her in , and she looks so damn good . This movie is all you need to understand why she 's a Star . Those eyes ! Like a silent movie star , but better . In fact , everyone 's eyes are so good . I used to pretend to be a bad TV soap actor with my girlfriend . We 'd do that thing where you look real fast from one eye to the other of your partner . They don 't do that at all in Soap Dish . Great . The Eyes Have It ! ( sorry ) There 's so many terrific performances , its fun just waiting for each of them to reappear . There 's a whole workshop going on with Kevin Kline on how to Overact very very subtly . Got that ? Yeah , he 's damn good . So is Robert Downey , Jr. who has since made sumthin of a career of playing the Slick , Slimy Executive . Cathy Moriarity , while not the most gifted actress , is so charismatic and riveting , especially when she 's angry . And even Whoopi Goldberg is decent , her natural timing giving here somewhat flat delivery a little Zing . OK , no Whoopi Bashing , I hear ya . And then , there 's the Hair . Soap Dish was made at the end of the BIG Hair Eighties , so the ridiculous doos are like a great character in themselves . They get bigger and sillier , just like your 's did . Yeah , we got pictures . Soap Dish is better than I thought it 'd be , better that I wanted it to be . I 'm sick of Movies that tell me I 'm supposed to care about shallow , self centered , semi-talented egomaniacs , ie . TV Soap Actors . Soap Dish seems happy just to have me laugh at ' em . Thank You .
0	... this verson doesn 't mangle the Bard that badly . It 's still a horrible minimalist production , Hamlet 's Dutch uncle is inexplicably dubbed by a Spaniard ( whether it 's Ricardo Montalban or not is subject to debate ) , and Maximilian Schell overacts like never before . Most of the dialogue makes it through unscathed , and the fact that the MST3K version feels obliged to point out repeatedly that the speeches are long * duh * doesn 't strike me as incredibly humorous . Mostly it 's just bad acting , though .
0	Probably somebody heard of Alberto Tomba . A former policeman , a former sky champion , and , now , a TERRIBLE actor . " Alex L 'Ariete " was planned to be a TV " mini serial " , but the Italian television itself refused to show the movie on its channels . Now it 's a , believe me , ridiculous movie . The script it 's simply hilarious ( it 's supposed to be a dramatic movie ) , something like a 5 years old kid work . But what really blows you away it 's the amateurish acting : Alberto Tomba , who actually was not believable as a policeman himself , plays terribly a totally silly character : a special operations italian policeman specialized in smashing doors open ! ( " ariete " is " ram " ) . This super-guy will try to save a young nice girl life ( an actual italian " little " TV showgirl , married to the singer Eros Ramazzotti ) : nice but absolutely inept in the acting . Lose this one and make yourself a favour . A movie that is a shame to Italian cinema industry : only John Travolta in Earth Attack got close ..
0	You know Jason , you know Freddy , and you know Leatherface . Now , get ready for : The Safety Pin Killer ! That 's right , in Killer Workout , a dumb slasher movie if I 've ever seen one , the unseen murderer dispatches his ( or her ? ) victims with an oversized , novelty safety pin . It is an odd choice to be sure , the kind of thing that deserves an explanation . Naturally , the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing . As the title suggests , an aerobics gym is under siege by a mad killer and everyone is a suspect . In fact , the movie gives so few clues as to the identity of the killer , just about everyone in the movie is a potential murderer until they get killed . And since just about everyone but the killer winds up dead , it 's really just process of elimination . Oddly , while the entire name cast is killed off , the aerobics classes continue in earnest . In fact , nothing is capable of stopping the dancing . While three men are murdered in the next room , the workout goes on . Death isn 't even a factor ; one character dies , but is still seen prominently in the later workout sessions . Director David Prior knew what he was doing when named the movie Killer Workout and not Logical Workout . Cop chases , explosive tanning beds , and hundreds of shots of women 's exposed flesh are thrown in for good measure . Much like the woman caught in the tanning bed , I felt very uncomfortable by the end of Killer Workout . Finally , thankfully , THE END flashed on the screen . What happened next ? You got it , shots of the women working out . Not even the end of the movie can stop them !
0	The BFG is one of Roald Dahl 's most cherished books , but in this animated adaptation the magic just isn 't there . This version remains pretty faithful to Dahl 's original story so one can 't lay the blame on John Hambley 's script . If anything the fault lies with the colourless animation , the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice-overs . One would be right to expect this story to make for a happy , vibrant , fun-filled movie ... instead , the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch . Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first ! All the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children 's ' classic . Young orphan Sophie ( voice of Amanda Root ) lives in a none-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs Clonkers . One evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street . The figure realises it has been seen , so it reaches in through the window and scoops Sophie from her bed , placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night . Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country , and fears that he will eat her . But to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the BFG ( voice of David Jason ) . The BFG refuses to eat people , instead restricting himself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers . However , Giant Country is populated by numerous other giants who DO feast - every night , as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans . Sophie and the BFG become great friends , and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants . Together they go to the Queen of England ( voice of Angela Thorne ) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants . The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else . Jason voices the BFG quite well ( one of the few pluses in the film ) but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality . The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired , with very little to bring the characters to life . Similarly , the BFG is the only character that is imaginatively animated - Sophie lacks appeal , and the giants are boringly designed ( and look almost indistinguishable from each other ) . Even the places are uninventive ; Giant Country especially comes up short , being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons . At 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy , yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences . Little of Dahl 's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily . One chapter in the book deals with the BFG 's love of " whizzpopping " ( farting ) and is laugh-out-loud hilarious . In the film , the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling . I came to the The BFG expecting lots of zest , fun and enjoyment , but what I got was pretty much the opposite ! This one is a failed misfire that simply doesn 't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately , therefore , it must go down as one to skip .
1	I work at a movie store , and as such , I am always on the look-out for an excellent movie . I decided to check out Nothing as it sat in our Canadian section , and I 've been trying to support my country 's movie industry . I was in for a surprise . The film features David Hewlett and Andrew Miller in a highly entertaining story that seems to delve into so much of our minds and relationships ... without working that hard . It is consistently comedic through the interaction of the two characters , as well as some funny exchanges ( " We can 't be dead , we have cable ! " ) . What more can I say without noting that it is worth a shot , even if you abandon it within the first half an hour .
0	AKA : Mondays In The Sun I have no idea what I just watched . Three men wander aimlessly and drink , grousing about everything and at everyone in their path . This is supposed to be a drama , but what it is , is a total waste of film , without a single redeeming quality . I have read reviews touting the performances herein as " wonderful , " " beautiful , " and " heroic . " I 'm afraid I cannot agree , unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-humans who ever walked . All in all ? This was not a movie . It wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience . I 've watched this three times , and cannot for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage . There is nothing profound here , whatsoever . It 's crap . It rates a ZERO / 10 from ... the Fiend : .
1	Written by the writer who penned the excellent Murder Rooms series which chronicled ACD 's adventures with Doctor Joseph Bell , I was looking forward to this and I wasn 't disappointed . It was quite slow moving , with a lot of emphasis on Doyle 's frustration at Sherlock Holmes which was very accurate and excellently portrayed . It was an interesting character study and very well shot ( on digital video , unusual for a period piece ) . The acting was excellent all round , particularly Tim McInnery and Brian Cox although the actor who portrayed ACD , whose name I cannot remember impressed me no end . An excellent character study which has about the same amount of twists as any normal Sherlock Holmes case . Do see this if you get the chance
0	The Haunting is yet another bad horror remake with phony overdone special effects and a big cast of on screen favorites and has no redeeming qualities whatsoever except maybe for the cinematography.Yes remakes aren 't all bad but remakes directed by Jion Da Bont definitely are.I suppose that the A-List actors ( Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta Jones , Owen Wilson ) are there to distract us from the boring plot , ridiculous special effects , and terrible attempts at scaring it 's audience however this is a movie not a tabloid magazine we don 't care whose in it we care about the characters and story two things this film missed.The storyline is like taking the classic novel The Haunting Of Hill House and ripping out four chapters and then using whatever 's left for the film it is so boring and a lot of it is unexplained.The characters are pretty thin and while the acting is good you don 't really care about any of the characters at all.Lily Taylor gives a horrendous performance and sounds like she 's 8 years old when delivering her lines not to mention what a horrible screamer she is.Lily Taylor isn 't made for the horror genre at all.The ghosts are stupid and cheesy , they look like a bunch of Casper The Friendly Ghost 's and the ghost of Hugh Cain looks like a fat guy dressed as the grim reaper for Halloween with a smoke machine.There is this creature on the roof of one of the rooms that is a giant purple mouth and it 's not even funny unintentionally just plain sad.The house is pretty and well designed that is probably the only positive thing about this movie it looks nice but that doesn 't save it from it 's brutal everything else.I can honestly say i felt like i was wasting my time watching The Haunting on TV for no price so I would 've been even more pi $ $ ed if I had paid to see it but luckily it was on Scream Channel.Overall The Haunting is a boring remake that tries to overwhelm you with bad special effects , a poor attempt at horror .
0	From around the time Europe began fighting World War II , until the war 's end , Hollywood ( with significant prodding from the government ) made tons of movies which were designed to try and get young men to enlist in the Army , by making the life of a serviceman appear " cool . " This is by far the sloppiest , implying that the life of a soldier is devoid of work , you get the best food , and you get to lie around all day listening to Ann Miller on the radio . I am far too young to have participated in WWII , but I think that there was more to it than that . There is the barest cat 's whisker of a plot , and a bunch of musical numbers featuring some of the day 's leading acts . I think that by 1943 , even the most naive of civvies knew that there was more going on overseas than the wacky hijinks portrayed in this movie . While I am sure that it was meant to be viewed as escapist entertainment , I can 't help but wonder if the family and loved ones of men fighting in the war , were amused or repulsed by this trivialization of their loved ones ' sacrifice .
0	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California , I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up . Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith . This is being spied on by Jimmy ( a young Tom Byron ) . Jimmy 's aunt ( Honey Wilder ) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher ( Kay Parker ) . I could do without the animal , robot role-playing , or the incest aspects.There 's one good sex scene , between Byron and Parker , but it 's not good enough to save this film . My Grade : D +
1	Its about time that Gunga Din is released on DVD . I cannot accurately say how many times I have watched this fine film but , I never tire of it . The lead actors worked so well together . Victor Mclaglen ( Sgt McChesney ) , Cary Grant ( Sgt Cutter ) and Douglas Fairbanks Jr ( Sgt Ballentine ) are an unbeatable team . I just cannot get over their exploits in India . Your first glimpse at the Sergeants Three , is when you see them engaged in fighting with other soldiers over a so-called treasure Map . The three Sergeants are sent on an expedition to find out what happened to the communications line an they enter a mostly deserted town- or so they think . They engage in the necessary repairs and soon find a few " residents " in hiding . Soon after they get attacked by a group of madmen and barely make an escape back to base . Later they are sent on another mission which gives Sgt Cutter a chance to go hunting for the Gold with Din . They find the temple of gold and are trapped by the evil Kali supporters . Din is sent to fetch help and Cutter gets captured . Soon McChesney and Ballentine arrive with Din , and they are too captured . Faced with being killed , they watch helplessly as their Regiment comes to rescue them . The evil doers watch and are about to spring their surprise attack when a wounded Din climbs onto the golden dome and blows his bugle which then alerts the British to the ambush . In doing this , Din is shot dead . The Soldiers attack the evil ones and soon defeat them . At the end , Din is honored as he is made an honorary Corporal in the British Army .
0	I like the time period , I like the attempt , but watching a movie that looks like I 'm looking at it through a coke bottle gives me a headache . If I played computer games that were this blurry and out of focus , I would upgrade my computer . Could be that this was the look the director was after , but not so it hurts the eyes and you want to leave after 10 minutes . If I hadn 't taken someone with me to this film , I was out of there . Even though it was a series and not a movie per say , Band of Brothers accomplished this . They made it look like WWII footage , with just a touch of graininess , but it was still a pleasure to watch . Movies need real people , with real sets , and real locations ; Use CGI when it is appropriate , not for an entire film .
1	This great film is composed mostly of documentary footage is currently contained on a DVD along with Prelude to War . The great American filmmaker and story teller Frank Capra made these films which simply and clearly call attention to the main points that caused World War II and Hitler 's rise . Every school child , nay , every American should watch these films today because they are so apropos . History has been repeating itself over and over again ! The Lord Chamberlains are still alive and kicking ; the tactics used by the Nazis of infiltrating countries through sympathizers and then the Communists and now by Muslim terrorist groups , are still working to these evil group 's advantage . By sitting back and letting Hitler as early as 1935 be aggressive - France , America and England caused over 50 million people 's deaths . Americans , French and British today would happily let Hitler do exactly the same thing despite the fact that we should have learned from history what happens when you let dictators break treaties . These great films may be too simplistic for World War II history buffs . They don 't tell the horrors that the Soviet Union caused simply because at the time America was teamed up with them , fighting Hitler . This film does tell the plain facts and motives that led to the terrible war .
0	Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorship film selection that the UK built up in the 80 's . Keeps the gory stuff out of the hands of children , don 't you know ! It must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about . By today 's standard , Unhinged is a tame little fairy tale . 3 girls are off to a jazz concert ... and right away , you know the body count is going to be quite low . They get lost in the woods , & wind up getting in a car accident that looks so fake it 's laughable . They are picked up by some nearby residents that live in the woods in a creepy house . One of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay upstairs . Then there 's talking . Talking about why the girls are here , and how they must be to dinner on time because mother doesn 't like it when someone is late . And more talking . Yakkity yak . Some suspense is built as a crazy guy is walking around and harassing the girls , and someone 's eyeball is looking through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock 's Psycho . I digress because there is so much blah blah in this film , that you wonder when the killings are going to start . In fact , one of the girls gets so bored out of her mind that she walks in the woods , alone , looking for the town . Smart move . She probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the woods part , but just didn 't care . More talk continues after this as we wait , wait , and wait some more until the next girl may or may not be killed . And then there 's the twist ending . The " expected " unexpected for some viewers , for others a real gotcha . Quite possibly the ONLY reason why someone would really want to watch this . I don 't care how twisted it is , nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time I had watching it . Even with the minor impact of the ending , the director just didn 't have what it takes to really deliver a good story with it . It would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour TV episode on say , Tales from the Darkside . If you really must get this for any reason , perhaps just to say you 've watched every slasher movie , do yourself a favor and have the fast-forward button ready . Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes , just zoom through them , and in no time , you 'll get to the " WOW , that 's what it was all this time " ending . Oh and halfway through the movie there 's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees . Horray for boo-bees . Those beautiful buzzing honey-making boo-bees .
0	Well after three times through I still have no idea what this movie is about because , quite honestly , it failed to generate any real interest or concern . But here it goes : A bunch of too old to be teen Teen Actors dressed in horrifying latter 1980 's fashions ( did WE look like that too ? ? ) decide it would be a really good idea to get in a motorboat and go visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people being slaughtered in various horrifying ways that manage to rip off POLTERGEIST , THE EVIL DEAD , and Freddy Kreuger in one fell swoop . The dimwit even envisions himself being roasted over an open fire with some deformed freak slicing off strips of tenderloin . Good thing it was only a dream or it might have hurt , and good thing his dreams had a decent special effects budget . Mine are usually pretty lame : Girls , model space ships , blowing things up with a bazooka , etc . Once on the Alcatraz island they find themselves in a Slasher movie , and meet up with Tony Basil , who cannot help but break into a couple dance poses at times and had her own lighting crew ( complete with a smoke machine for that 1980 's smoky haze infused light look , which I kind of miss ) . And such reminded me that Ms. Basil helped choreograph David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances . This of course has nothing at all to do with the film but kept popping into mind as the movie posed very little to actually think about . It sort of happens , and you can either watch or keep working on your page markup with it on the TV set off to the side . But since the film isn 't really interesting , you 'll keep deciding to finish one last thing instead of wasting time , the movie will keep ending , and you 'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize the end credits are starting to roll again , dammit ... * SOME * 1980 's Teen Horror movies can survive such specialized viewing : Umberto Lenzi 's GHOSTHOUSE , CHOPPING MALL & it 's Killbots , the hard to ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and the over-the-top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to mind . They are films that , like them or not , demand your attention and usually pay off with some good gore or T & A , and typos in your work as evidence that you were watching the TV instead of your keyboard . I am sure that HELL ISLAND ( as the British version I glommed onto is titled ) does indeed have some good stuff in there , but frankly I don 't care . And nothing is more annoying that encountering art of any genre that doesn 't inspire admiration , some decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it . The film is content with simpering away 80-whatever minutes of time and never really accomplishing anything more than being a sometimes distraction in spite of my best efforts to try and give it a chance , but no dice . There is some offbeat production design going on , the use of lighting is striking at times , and the occasional outburst of mayhem will probably keep fans of 1980 's Teen Horror interested . The rest of you be warned though : YOU WILL WONDER IF YOU DRESSED LIKE THAT IN 1987 , and the answer is probably more hideous than anything which happens on screen . Try to watch it as a free rental if possible so that if disappointed you aren 't stuck with the damn thing : Movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often at a commodity these days , what with the world coming to an end & all ...
0	I thought maybe a film which boasted a cast including Peter O 'Toole , Susannah York , Michael Craig & Harry Andrews might be worth watching . Alas , I was wrong . Utter pretentious nonsense from beginning to end with both O 'Toole and York overacting wildly . I watched it twice and still have no idea what is was about . I 've a feeling O 'Toole plays the Laird of a Scottish castle who has a drink problem and likes reliving childhood games with his sister ( York ) . He is also barking mad . But apart from that , your guess is as good as mine . The film has no redeeming feature whatsoever . I can only assume the cast and director were blackmailed into making this dreary , unimaginative , stagy piffle . Clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director . Risible .
0	THAT 'S certainly a strange way to promote a film upon which a great deal rested . And it seems like plain suicide on the part of the studio , given that ( 1 ) The feuds between the cast were well known long before the movie 's release . ( 2 ) The feud between the Producer ( Robert Fryer ) and Director ( Michael Sarne ) was also common knowledge . ( 3 ) The cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity , with daily bulletins from the set gleefully reported by gossip columnists everywhere . And ( 4 ) The author , Gore Vidal hated it practically from day one . Nevertheless , that tagline just about sums it up . Raquel Welch does give a decent performance as Myra , and she looks lovely besides . John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner , the ex-Cowboy Star who runs a phony acting academy . Mae West , ( in her first screen appearance since 1943 ) naturally rewrote her part to suit herself , and she is great as ' ' oversexed ' ' ( and that 's putting it mildly ) ' ' Talent Agent ' ' Leticia Van Allen . Still , she must have wondered ( after waiting so long for a good vehicle in which to return ) how she ever ended up in this mess . Tom Selleck ( in his film debut ) is one of her ' ' clients ' ' . John Carradine and Jim Backus , as Doctors , also amble in briefly . Rex Reed as Myron , Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren , as the victims of Myra / Myron 's sexual passion , are neither here nor there . The same goes for the script , which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book , but seems to head in at least three different directions at once . Although West 's part was originally larger , she was reduced to a cameo role by the time Sarne was through with the editing . And , partly because of this , she seems to be in a different movie . Apparently , at some point , the Producers realized that Mae was going to be the film 's big draw , and , unable to replace most of her cut footage , they rushed her back to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs , both of which come out of nowhere . The device Sarne used of throwing in old film clips of bygone stars to emphasize whatever points he was making , doesn 't work at all . By the time the movie concludes , all a weary spectator can do is wonder what in the hell it was all about . Not surprisingly , just about everyone connected with the production felt the same way , and it died at the box office . A technically flawless DVD includes , ( among other extras ) separate commentaries from both Welch and Sarne , each of whom have completely opposite opinions of just what went wrong.No doubt it 's home video re-release was prompted by a 2001 ' ' Vanity Fair ' ' piece , which attempted ( in great detail ) to do the same thing . True , the structure of the novel made a screen adaptation a dubious undertaking , but , with Sarne at the helm of what was obviously a ' ' troubled ' ' production , it really never had a chance .
1	I grew up watching Full House as a child . I stopped watching it for years , but about two weeks ago I started back watching it again . Now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well . My kids can 't believe that DJ , on the show , and I are the same age . I really love the show , because it is a show you can watch with your family . It has good teachings your kids can learn from . Also there isn 't any drugs and violence on it . Also when the kids , on the show , have a problem they can always open up to their family for help . That 's the message kids should be getting from TV now a days , turn to your family for help , not to drugs . Kids should be watching more shows like Full House instead of half the mess on TV now a days . I also love the show because it makes you laugh and it is down to earth . It talks about real life problems and family matters . There is always a lesson you can learn from the show . I vote the show a 10 .
1	How can anyone argue the fact that Urban Cowboy was , and still is , the best document of Texas life for the time period . Consider the following : men beat their wives , get drunk at bars nightly , get married to settle a fight , commit adultery , and compete on mechanical bulls . Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly . They dont make them anymore . It seems current films are always about people with lots of money , they live in huge homes , drive expensive cars and don 't work . This movie has a celebration scene about getting a trailer for pete 's sake ! Anyway , I watch it at least once a week . No kidding . I have dissected this movie from end to end. feel free to email me to learn more about my reason for calling it a documentary . Consider the following scenes : Bud sees Sissy - they are split up - he amicably honks and waves , she flips him the bird - he returns half the peace sign honking his horn to add impact then tears off . Buds mom calls him approx . 18 hours after he gets into town , on a Sunday , to see if he has a job yet - all he has accomplished is getting drunk and laid ( x2 ) , with help from his uncle and aunt who cover for him . " You all live like pigs " Think about why this scene is needed . Think about it . Was it necessary ? Could we not figure it out without showing the filthy sink ? God I love that ! Sissy allows Wes to help her ride the bull . Only a few days ( or possibly the next day ) after Wes just kicked the crap out of her husband . Steve asks - Hey Sissy , remember Wes ? Oh yeah , didnt you beat my husband up the other night , so let 's get this lesson goin ' , to make no mention of the fact that she seeks solace in him later during one Bud and Sissy 's many fights , which by the way all take place in public - in Gilley 's ! The Wedding reception picture taking session ( oh the humanity ! ) could they at least arrange or move the chairs out of the way . " My legs are sweatin ' momma " In conclusion , you don 't put scenes like this in a movie to try and show insight into human psychology . It is a documentary of real life . I only wish there was a director 's cut ....
1	It surprises me how much I love this movie despite the fact that I don 't really like dogs . Fox , Field , and Ameche do a wonderful job with the voices of Chance , Sassy and Shadow , and the acting by the animals themselves is just amazing . I have seen this movie 72 times already ( I know that sounds scary , but it 's true ! ) , and every time the ending scenes still get me . I highly recommend it to people of all ages and especially to animal lovers . It is indeed my all-time favorite movie !
1	Farrah Fawcett gives an award nominated performance as an attempted rape victim who turns the tables on her attacker . This movie not only makes you examine your own morals , it proves that Fawcett can excel as a serious actress both as a victim and victor .
0	first of all let 's start out by saying that Robert Englund Doug Bradley and Melinda Clark should be commended for having to be associated with this piece of drivel. i had to give this a 1 it wouldn 't let me give it a zero. wanna know how bad this movie is ? my mom calls me from across town and tells me " son , i just watched the stupidest movie ever. i responded as saying " the killer tongue huh ? " she was like how did you know that ? that 's how bad this movie is. i mean it looked like a good movie at first Freddy pinhead Melinda. okay i 'll give it a chance. i sat through the rest of this movie only because i wrote a column for reviews of horror movies. i implore you , don 't waste your time money or even brain cells on this ludicrous piece of crap. run away. far away. if you see it on the shelf at Hollywood video blockbuster or even your local video store , turn it around and walk away ... and i still want my two hours back dang it
1	But if you like the muppets I defy you to dislike this one . Basically the same plot regurgitated ( this time New York , not LA ) it features a lot of fun cameos and muppet hi-jinx . A lot of the muppets leave the film pretty early on as it centers around Kermy and Miss Piggy . I happened to have enjoyed it greatly . Fun to watch with your kids .
0	I love the comics . Although I do have problems fully understanding the stories the visual style is unique with all its dirt , dust and decay . So I thought I knew what I was up for . Surprisingly I understood the main plot but some extremely poorly decisions where made for its visual style . I mean - really bad looking " CG human actors " -in close ups ? Why ? ! It did not work at all ! ! Horus - and the other Egyption gods - was successfully made in CG and very close to the comic version . I think with real actors this movie could have been a cult movie . What a shame .
1	I won 't go into too much detail about the plot of this movie as other reviewers have covered pretty much the same ground . Just wanted to say that I really enjoyed the film very much . Peter Falk 's performance alone is reason enough to watch the film . A small scale ' road trip ' movie with Falk & Paul Reiser in upstate NY in the fall is the setting for most of the action in the film . Very well written with an adult target audience in mind . Plenty of reality based humor & some well played drama give the film a feeling that it could be your own family . Really can 't say enough about this film except that it 's a damn shame that a lovely movie like this doesn 't get more exposure while other trashy junk out there does . It 's great to see Falk with a big leading man role again & he makes the most of it . It proves that his famous friend & writer / director John Casavettes was right in casting Falk in many of his ground breaking films of the 60s & 70s .
1	I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I have just seen it again . It improves with age . Heartland is not just for lovers of " indie " films . At a time when most American films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI , pyrotechnics , and / or vulgarity , Heartland holds up as a slice of American history . It is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us modern , urbanized Americans are . Nothing in this film is overstated or stagey . No one declaims any Hollywood movie speeches . The actors really inhabit their roles . This really feels like a " small " film but really it is bigger than most multizillion-dollar Hollywood productions . The film is based on the lives of real people . In 1910 , Elinore Randall ( Conchata Ferrell , who has never done anything better than this ) , a widow with a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine ( Megan Folsom ) , is living in Denver but wants more opportunities . She advertises for a position as housekeeper . The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart ( Rip Torn , one of our most under-appreciated actors ) , a Scots-born rancher , himself a widower , with a homestead outside of Burnt Fork , Wyoming . Elinore accepts the position ( seven dollars a week ! ) and moves up to Wyoming with her daughter . She and her daughter move into Stewart 's tiny house on the property . It is rolling , treeless rangeland , a place of endless vistas where the silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals . It 's guaranteed to make a person feel small . The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul . What is worse , Stewart turns out to be taciturn to the point of being almost silent . " I can 't talk to the man , " Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer . " You 'd better learn before winter , " replies Grandma . Grandma ( Lilia Skala ) is one of the only two other characters who are seen more than fleetingly . She came out to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years before and runs her ranch alone now that she is also widowed . Grandma is their nearest neighbor ( and the local midwife ) and still she lives ten miles away ! The other supporting character is Jack the hired hand ( Barry Primus ) . Elinore 's routine ( and her employer 's ) is one of endless , backbreaking labor , where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be made , fixed or done by hand . This is the real meat of the film : Watching the ordinary life of these ranchers as they struggle against nature to wrest a living from the land . But despite the constant toil and fatigue , Elinore is always looking for other opportunities . She learns that the tract adjacent to Stewart 's is unclaimed . Impulsively , she files a claim on the property ( twelve dollars , or almost two weeks ' pay ! ) , meaning that if she lives on it ( and she must actually live there ) and works it for ten years , she will get the deed to it . Naturally , Stewart learns what she has done . With merciless logic , he points out that with no money , no livestock , no credit , and no assets , she has no chance of succeeding . He then offers a solution : He proposes marriage . The stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative , and accepts . We think that Stewart 's proposal is purely Machiavellian---he wants the land and the free labor---but we see that , in fact , he is genuinely fond of Elinore , and they grow together as a couple . She becomes pregnant ; she goes into labor in the middle of a midwinter blizzard ; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm the ten miles to Grandma 's and the ten miles back , only to announce that Grandma wasn 't there . This is more like real life than is pleasant , folks . Elinore has the baby all by herself , with no help whatsoever . Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies . They lose half their livestock to the vicious winter . They struggle on . The last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic : The birth of a calf . Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf . Instead of being head first , the calf is in a footling breech presentation . He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal . There is no CGI , animatronics , trickery , fakery or special effects : What you see is what happened , folks : A calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn by lamplight . With that , the film does not so much end as simply stop , leaving the viewer unsatisfied , but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole , not just for its ending . This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness . It will be watchable long after most of the films of the last generation have long been forgotten .
1	First , let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming film , very lovingly rendered of its time and subject ( s ) . Gretchen Mol is utterly , painfully convincing , the very soul of the contradictions smoothly reified by Ms. Page herself . Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as the working-class stiffs they were ( having met Paula at Movie Star News in 1990 I can say that Lili Taylor 's performance is unimpeachable ) , and Jared Harris as John Willie ( Coutts ) is an adoringly debauched genius . Anyone with an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes toward sexuality must see this movie , in a theater preferably , where votes made with dollars count more . Second , I will allow that I am a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous , which is no way affects my estimation of Ms. Harron 's work as the splendid piece that it is , but does condition my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order . Ms. Harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion . Along with V for Vendetta , it is a movie about another time for our times . Few readers of this site will be aware that the government they will see enacted in Notorious ( through transcription of the very words uttered in closed Senate committee hearings ) is a very close approximation of the one they live under right now . While Ms. Harron expressly disallows that she has a political agenda appended to this film , her faithfulness to the facts , and the respectful and unsensational way in which she renders them , synchronizes Notorious with the present day . The very acts that Notorious portrays in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act , recently brought to the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and turned back there at the behest of the Bush administration . In other words , the delicate and ineffectual bondage depicted in Notorious is indictable today by Federal prosecutors in whatever ( hostile ) jurisdiction they choose . Of course , there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA was passed . Of course you know nothing about it , because you don 't want people in Peoria telling you what you can and cannot look at ( likewise , people in Peoria probably don 't want me telling them what they 're allowed to view ) . Of course Notorious will never be indicted . It 's Hollywood . It 's lawyered up . Countless Klaws will , however , continue to be steamrolled by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic , moral or biological composition much in 50 + years . In addition , Notorious posts no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement , which is mandated by the unnoticed " earmark " recently voted into law . If any media contains images of " sadomasochistic restraint " it is required to make available ( ex warrant ) records of age and circumstance of all performers . Notorious fails in this regard also . In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an ( nearly ) accurate historical document , Notorious will be the litmus against which the Bush Justice Department is itself judged with respect to the 14th ( Equal Protection ) Amendment and on perhaps several other Constitutional grounds . In this regard alone , a debt of gratitude is owed Mary Harron . You 'll be grateful in any case , Constitutional or otherwise , if you see this film .
0	This is by the far worst piece of cr4p I 've ever seen in my life . It barely made sense . It wasn 't scary at all ( unless you class scary as loud noises and screaming ? ) Sarah-Michelle Gellar needs to stop with these sh1tty horror films . I think everyone else in the cinema agreed with me when i shouted " SHITE " when the credits rolled up . On my list of the worst movies ever made this is how it would go : 1 . The Return 2 . Cabin Fever 3 . Silent Hill The reason i made Silent Hill 3rd is because it showed some frightening scenes , but the rest was absolute cr4p . Same with cabin fever , made no sense , but the return topped that list . Its worse than Silent Hill and Cabin Fever put together
1	Is this your typical women in chains navy transport love story ? Maybe , hell , you know how the formula works by now , pretty woman is introduced in to a picture , someone has to fall in love with her . I think this film does follow some typical story lines , but that doesn 't say anything about the content . There are great scenes with Crispen Glover , Dennis Hopper , and Gary Busey , although short . Some things didn 't make sense , such as the need to get in to random fights , but it is entertaining to watch , the fights were actually well done . This is definitely a comedy foremost , but it does have a lot of good feel to it . The humor is well balanced , you won 't hurt your stomach on this , but you will keep a smile . There is a little bit of steamy action , so not one for the kids .
0	I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci , and yet I must say that " Zombi 3 " ( aka . " Zombie Flesh Eaters 2 " ) of 1988 , which he made with two other directors , Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso , was quite a disappointment . Especially compared to its great predecessor , Fulci 's very own Gore classic " Zombi 2 " ( aka . " Zombie Felsh Eaters " / " Zombie " ) of 1979 , this is vastly disappointing . Sure , the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it 's not a good film , but , these low ratings usually come from people who are not into Italian Zombie flicks , and as enthusiastic fan of Italian Horror films and low-budget Exploitation cinema , I love many films that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings . Also , many of my fellow Italian Horror buffs seem to think of this film as underrated , which I sadly cannot agree with . Not that the film was a complete disaster . It has some redeeming qualities , above all Fulci 's nauseating gore effects , that are always a pleasure to watch for an Italian Horror / Gore buff . The basic idea behind the film is also not bad ( allthough far from original ) and I liked the ruthless portrayal of the military . Sadly , that 's about it . While the great predecessor " Zombi 2 " was extremely gory , but beyond that also genuinely creepy , this is not creepy or scary for a minute , and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only true reason to watch " Zombi 3 " . The film is sometimes fun to watch , but only for the gore , and as an unintentional comedy . I guess that it was mainly the gore that came from Fulci , and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso , the first of which was involved in a bunch of nasty cult-flicks ( such as D 'Amato 's " Porno Holocaust " ) , and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made , the god-awful " Troll 2 " . Overall , this is definitely watchable for the gore , but , out of all Fulci films I 've seen so far , this is definitely the worst , and I 've seen the majority of this great filmmaker 's repertoire . I am a Fulci fan , and I always will be , but this sure isn 't his magic moment . It may be fun for the gore , but I recommend to watch any other Fulci film before this !
1	There has been a political documentary , of recent vintage , called Why We Fight , which tries to examine the infamous Military Industrial Complex and its grip on this nation . It is considered both polemical and incisive in making its case against both that complex and the war fiasco we are currently involved in in Iraq . Yet , a far more famous series of films , with the same name , was made during World War Two , by Hollywood director Frank Capra . Although considered documentaries , and having won Oscars in that category , this series of seven films is really and truly mere agitprop , more in the vein of Leni Reifenstal 's Triumph Of The Will , scenes of which Capra recycles for his own purposes . That said , that fact does not mean it does not have vital information that subsequent generations of World War Two documentaries ( such as the BBC 's lauded The World At War ) lacked , nor does that mean that its value as a primary source is any the less valuable . They are skillfully made , and after recently purchasing some used DVDs at a discount store , I found myself with the opportunity to select a free DVD with my purchase . I chose Goodtimes DVD 's four DVD collection of the series . Rarely has something free been so worth invaluable . While there are no extras on the DVDs , and the sound quality of the prints varies , these films provide insight into the minds of Americans two thirds of a century ago , when racism was overt ( as in many of the classic Warner Brothers pro-war cartoons of the era ) , and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of facts . The seven films , produced between 1942 and 1945 , are Prelude To War , The Nazis Strike , Divide And Conquer , The Battle Of Britain , The Battle Of Russia , The Battle Of China , and War Comes To America . Overall , the film series is well worth watching , not only for the obvious reasons , but for the subtle things it reveals , such as the use of the plural for terms like X millions when referring to dollars , rather than the modern singular , or the most overused graphic in the whole series- a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria . Yet , it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past standards to current wars . The lesson of World War One ( avoid foreign entanglements ) was not applicable to World War Two , whose own lesson ( act early against dictatorships ) has not been applicable in the three major wars America has fought since : Korea , Vietnam , nor Iraq . The fact that much of this series teeters on the uncertainties of the times it was made in only underscores its historic value in today 's information-clogged times . It may not help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of today , but at least you 'll realize you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position , nor will you be the last .
1	This movie scared heck out of me when I was just a kid . It 's no " Citizen Kane " but it has its moments . The arm ripping scene is good . The plot is good even if characters aren 't - could have something to do with the acting . Put some top name people in the roles and then see what you get . This was one of those shoot , edit ( what little there was ) and distribute in a couple of months type of movies . This is classic low budget sci-fi and deserves it just due . I rated it a 9 based other films of this genre and age .
0	Ghost Town starts as Kate Barrett ( Catherine Hickland ) drives along an isolated desert road , her car suddenly breaks down & she hears horses hoofs approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley ( Frank Luz ) of Riverton County is called in to investigate Kate 's disappearance after her father reports her missing . He finds her broken down car & drives off looking for her , unfortunately his car breaks down too & he has to walk . Langley ends up at at a deserted rundown ghost town , much to his shock Langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town as it 's populated by the ghosts of it 's former residents & is run by the evil Devlin ( Jimmie F. Skaggs ) who has kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained & it 's up to Langley to rescue her & end the towns curse ... The one & only directorial effort of Richard Governor this odd film didn 't really do much for me & I didn 't like it all that much . The script by Duke Sandefur tries to mix the horror & western genres which it doesn 't do to any great effect . Have you ever wondered why there aren 't more horror western hybrid films out there ? Well , neither have I but if I were to ask myself such a question I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it 's not very good . The two genres just don 't mix that well . There are plenty of clichs , on the western side of things there 's the innocent townsfolk who are to scared to stand up to a gang of thugs who are terrorising them , the shoot-outs in the main street , saloon bars with swing doors & prostitutes upstairs & horror wise there 's plenty of cobwebs , some ghosts , an ancient curse , talking corpses & a few violent kills . I was just very underwhelmed by it , I suppose there 's nothing terribly wrong with it other than it 's just dull & the two genres don 't sit together that well . There are a few holes in the plot too , why did Devlin kidnap Kate ? I know she resembled his previous girlfriend but how did he know that & what was he going to do with her anyway ? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either , I mean what 's keeping them there & what caused them to come back as ghosts ? Then there 's the bit at the end where Devlin after being shot says he can 't be killed only for Langley to kill him a few seconds later , I mean why didn 't the bullets work in the first place ? Director Governor does alright , there 's a nice horror film atmosphere with some well lit cobweb strewn sets & the standard Hollywood western town is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining either side of it . I wouldn 't say it 's scary because it isn 't , there 's not much tension either & the film drags in places despite being only just over 80 odd minutes in length . Forget about any gore , there a few bloody gunshot wounds , an after the fact shot of two people with their throats slit & someone is impaled with a metal pole & that 's it . I 'd have imagined the budget was pretty small here , it 's reasonably well made & is competent if nothing else . Credit where credit 's due the period costumes & sets are pretty good actually . The acting is alright but no-ones going to win any awards . Ghost Town is a strange film , I 'm not really sure who it 's meant to appeal to & it certainly didn 't appeal to me . Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed with the dumb horror elements while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored by the western elements . It 's something a bit different but that doesn 't mean it 's any good , worth a watch if your desperate but don 't bust a gut to see it .
0	" Horrible People " ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film . If you want to see ordinary people doing ordinary things , then look out of your window at real life . But if you want to see unpleasant people doing dull things , you 'll have to watch this horrible film by Mike Leigh . The characters talk at length , but never actually manage to communicate with each other . Why not ? Presumably because Leigh things that all of us are as ineffective and pathetic as his actors , and he wants to film real life . But we 're not , and he failed .
1	I 'm not a fan of Adam Sandler . In fact , I don 't think I 've ever liked him in anything I 've seen him in . The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears . There was Adam Sandler , playing a somewhat ridiculous looking character riding around New York City on a motor scooter , looking pitiful and lost . Typical Sandler-type loser character again , I thought . I almost gave up then and there . But then , as I stuck with this , I actually discovered something I never knew before : Adam Sandler can act ! He is truly outstanding in this movie as Charlie , a lost and lonely figure , whose entire family ( including the dog ) was killed in one of the hijacked planes on 9 / 11 and who has apparently lost all touch with reality as a result . Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and takes it on as his mission to help him get better . Of course , Cheadle 's Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of unhappiness , and somehow these two men manage to help each other through their difficulties . The two of them made a completely believable team , and Sandler in particular made Charlie real , working through his emotions and feelings . This is not a Sandler comedy . If your looking for that go to some of his other , sillier , stuff . This is a pretty heavy movie - sometimes sad , sometimes hopeful and always engrossing . There are some funny parts in it . I loved the scene in which Charlie convinces Alan to confront his partners by reminding him of how tough he was in college , and then the conversation the two of them have afterward . I personally didn 't think that Saffron Burrows added much to the movie as Donna , an obviously needy patient of Johnson 's . The only reason for the character seemed ( based on one flashback ) to be that she looked eerily like Charlie 's late wife , but that was never really developed , and I just didn 't care that much for the character . Do look for the part of the judge , however , played by Donald Sutherland , who I thought nailed the part bang-on . As far as I 'm concerned , though , this is Sandler 's movie , and kudos to him for a great performance . Definitely his best in my opinion . 8 / 10
1	This film has been scaring me since the first day I saw it . My Mum had watched it when it was on the telly back in ' 92 . I remember being woken up in the middle of the night by her tearful ramblings as my Dad helped her up the stairs . She was saying something like " Don 't let her get me " or something like that . I asked what had made her so upset and she told me that she 'd been watching The Woman in Black . So obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me . It scared the s * * * out of me . I 've been immune to horror films since watching this !
1	The story has been told before . A deadly disease is spreading around ... But the extra in this film is Peter Weller , his interpretation of Muller on the run is real . He is indeed a desperate person just going home to see his child . This person could be working next to you .
0	Spoiler below , but read on or you 'll never know the horrible fate that awaits all planing to rent " Rodentz " . On a moonlit night , in a remote research laboratory , a major medical breakthrough is about to have deadly results . A chemical compound that was created to " hunt and destroy " deadly cancer cells has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system into the building 's basement . Now , the rodents involved in the laboratory experiment upstairs are not the only rats in the facility that will become the altered species . Professor Schultz , a leading bio-researcher , has just determined that the addition of a new enzyme now enables his " hunt and destroy " formulation to regenerate for the length of time necessary to neutralize deadly cancer tumors . When three varying degrees of the new mixture are administered to three different rats and the rest poured down the faulty " Waste Hazard " sink , shocking side-effects result in a night of terror ... right ... Seriously , this is probably the worst film I 've seen this year . Everything about it screams " Low-budget ! " , from the horrendous acting to the special effects which are some of the worst I 've ever seen . The characters are clichd morons and act in stupid , predictable ways : walking down dark hallways alone , looking for a cat , tripping and falling so the " rats " can catch up with them , boarding themselves up in a small room , etc . While some films are cheaply made , this film really takes the cake . Every possible corner is cut , everything from reusing earlier shots , filming the " Lab " hallways from different angles to make it look bigger ( That reminds me--why were only TWO guys working in this freakin ' massive building ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ) , to music and special effects that could be done on a children 's workshop PC . That brings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of dung--the special effects . Just horrendous . The computer generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene so even the dumbest of film buffs could see they are computer generated . And that giant rat suit--OH MY GOD ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! seriously , are we supposed to believe that freaking beany baby is a monster ? Just pitiful ... On the better side , some of the gore looks pretty cool , especially considering the budget . The actors all suck. no one involved with the production cared or knew what they were doing . I 've wasted enough time with review , just take my advice , it 's garbage . 1 / 10 . About the DVD : The transfer sucks , the audio is passable and there 's a commentary track on the disk by the director and two of his friends , who say they had absolutely nothing to do with making the film but were there to ask questions and make comments . All three of these sub-human primordial slime are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others . I don 't want to waste any more of you kind reader 's time or mine , for I am starting to remember more than I want to about this film ... DVD rating : 1 / 10 .
0	Pros : Nothing Cons : Everything Plot summary : A female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies . Review : Never in my life have I come across a movie as bad The Zombie Chronicles . Filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks , TZC is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame , forgetable actors whom couldn 't act to save their lives and gore that 's more gross than frightening . How does a movie like this even get made ? Simply put , avoid TZC like a sexually-transmitted disease . My last 2 cents : Humorously enough , this movie was made by a movie company called Brain Damage Films . They 're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this . My rating : 1 out of 10 ( If it were up to me , this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion )
0	I sat through this movie expecting a thought-provoking , fact-based film . But instead was given some of the least thought out arguments against the Christian faith imaginable . For instance , in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent , the narrator constantly quotes the bible without giving context , and thus altering the meaning of the text . Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him , when in fact , the quote is from a parable Jesus told , involving a king who is then quoted . Thus the narrator makes it appear as if Jesus says one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of his characters says it . This is dishonesty in a very obvious form . Is this really what Atheism has to offer the world ? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of the Christ over Jesus Christ : Superstar and The Last Temptation of the Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty . He makes no mention of the fact that the Passion was the most historically accurate Bible-film to date . He makes no mention of the fact that it was actually the best liked by critics of the bunch . He then edits in a series of violent images from the Passion as if to hammer home his point . Ironically , he makes no mention of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment , versus dramatic effect . One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject matter than he did . All the Christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the parking lot of Billy Graham 's New York Crusade . Atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars . He asked the Christians how the Christian movement started , and of course , they said it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost . Which is correct ( Acts 2 ) . He then gives the commentary , " isn 't it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith ? " and proceeds to explain that the apostle Paul started Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus . The poor chap seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2 . More deception ? Or is this simply ignorance ? He also throws around nonsense that Paul didn 't believe Jesus was a real person . Are you kidding me ? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus death and resurrection being witnessed by people ( whom Paul names in the passage ) for the Corinthians to question if they are in doubt ! There are many many other examples of how full of crap this ' documentary ' is . But because I don 't have time or patience to go into them all , I 'll skip straight to the end . It 's obvious throughout the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church . And the climax interview is HIS CHILDHOOD PRINCIPLE ! In a last-ditch attempt to disprove the Christian faith , the narrator tries to make a fool out of someone who gave him a detention as a child . Is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the Atheist community ? Surely there are intelligent Atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that isn 't a load of made-up crap passed off as ' facts ' .
0	Laughed a lot - because it is so incredibly bad - sorry folks , but definitely one of the worst movies I have ever seen ... I know it is low budget , but anyway : the actors behave like playing in a soap , the dialogues are absolutely crappy and the last time I have seen such odd pictures was at a trash nite at some youth video festival ten years ago . I really appreciate that people gather together and shoot cheap movies , but at least a certain amount of quality should be accomplished . But at least one good thing : the first three minutes of the movie were quiet interesting and looked okay - and the score was really worth listening to . The DVD cover promised a lot , but that is by far the best this film has to offer ...
1	The unlikely duo of Zero Mostel and Harry Belafonte team up to give us some interesting performances and subject matter in The Angel Levine . It 's one interesting twist on the themes from It 's A Wonderful Life . Zero is married to Ida Kaminsky and the two of them belong to a special class of elderly Jewish poor in New York . Mostel used to be a tailor and proud of his trade , but his back and arthritis have prevented him from working . Kaminsky is mostly bedridden . He 's reduced to applying for welfare . In desperation like Jimmy Stewart , he cries out to God for some help . Now maybe if he had gotten someone like Henry Travers things might have worked out differently , but even Stewart had trouble accepting Travers . But Travers had one thing going for him , he was over 100 years off this mortal coil and all his ties to earthly things were gone . God sent Mostel something quite different , the recently deceased Harry Belafonte who should have at least been given some basic training for angels before being given an assignment . Belafonte hasn 't accepted he 's moved on from life , he 's still got a lot of issues . He also has a wife , Gloria Foster , who doesn 't know he 's passed on , hit by a car right at the beginning of the film . You put his issues and Mostel 's issues and you 've got a good conflict , starting with the fact that Mostel can 't believe in a black Jew named Levine . This was the farewell performance for Polish / Jewish actress Ida Kaminsky who got a nomination for Best Actress in The Shop on Main Street a few years back . The other prominent role here is that of Irish actor Milo O 'Shea playing a nice Jewish doctor . Remembering O 'Shea 's brogue from The Verdict , I was really surprised to see and hear him carry off the part of the doctor . The Angel Levine raises some interesting and disturbing questions about faith and race in this society . It 's brought to you by a stellar cast and of course created by acclaimed writer Bernard Malamud . Make sure to catch it when broadcast .
1	I really love this movie , saw it again last week after 3 years or so . This movie is perfect , great acting , great story , great directing / camera-work / music . It is a gift to show it to someone you love. too bad jaco van dormael did not make more movies after this one . Top 5 work . Really ! ! Today , it 's 3 years and 3 days later then the comment above. it was never posted because it was not more than 10 lines . Anyway , i saw " le huitieme jour " again yesterday . This is with no doubt in my movie top 3. together with " Cinema Paradiso " which is also a masterpiece . The soundtrack is also really good . I am really curious about " jaco von dormael 's " new movie . I hope it will complete my movie top 3 . If you see this movie , rent it . Or even better. buy it . Because you will want to see it again .
0	I recently watched the first Guinea Pig film , The Devil 's Experiment , and I must admit to being disappointed . This film is invariably included in any list of the " nastiest " films and maybe I was expecting more because of the hype . The truth is though , I don 't rate it . If I 'd been watching it believing the opening text to be true ( " I found this tape ... " ) , I might have been a bit disturbed by it , thinking it was real . Even without the benefit of knowing it not to be real though , I think I 'd have worked out that it indeed wasn 't . Throughout the film , the girl 's reactions to what is being done to her just aren 't what they should be . She should be screaming like a banshee in pain . The fact that she isn 't means that it 's obviously not real . I wouldn 't want to watch it if it were real but if she were to be more convincing in her acting , the film would be more disturbing . And then there are the notorious scenes : nothing affected me at all up until the scalpel in the hand . The hot oil , maggots and innards just didn 't bother me . I 'm not saying I 'm " hard " ; just that I wasn 't able to suspend my disbelief , partly because of the girl 's inaction . The scalpel made me wince a little but the hammer to the hand just made the hand look rubber . And the final scene with the eye was again a little wincing but nothing more . I didn 't want to look away and neither did I feel nauseous . Perhaps it 's because the film is twenty-odd years old , or perhaps I 'm just jaded . The truth is , I didn 't find this film at all disturbing . It 's the kind of thing you might expect to see playing on a loop as a modern art installation and as an exercise in stripping away characters , story etc. and just leaving the torture , it works on some levels . As a disturbing piece of film though , it didn 't work for me at least . I watched Guinea Pig with my wife , who is of the " it 's just a film " bent and she wondered what all the fuss was about . We got to discussing why I watch these films and my reasons are many but include a desire to be affected by a film . She said that she didn 't think any film could be so convincing as to disturb her and challenged me to do exactly that . I played her the fire extinguisher scene from Irreversible and she was indeed disturbed . I 'm not sure I have a point , other than that both of us were more disturbed by a scene in a non-horror genre film than any film thus far which sets out to disturb .
1	Like his earlier film , " In a Glass Cage " , Agust Villaronga achieves an intense and highly poetic canvas that is even more refined visually than its predecessor . This is one of the most visually accomplished and haunting pictures one could ever see . The heightened drama , intensity and undertone of violence threatens on the the melodramatic or farcical , yet never steps into it . In that way , it pulls off an almost impossible feat : to be so over-the-top and yet so painfully restrained , to be so charged and yet so understated , and even the explosives finales are virtuosic feasts of the eye . Unabashed , gorgeous , and highly tense ... this film is simply superb !
1	In this Muppet movie , Kermit , Miss Piggy , Fozzie , Gonzo , Rowlf , Scooter , Camillia , Dr. Teeth , Floyd , Animal , Janice , and Zoot are college graduates who decide to bring their successful college musical , Manhattan Melodies , to Broadway . Unfortunately , no producer will even meet with the Muppets . After being denied by too many producers , Scooter suggests that the Muppets decide to move on on their own . However , Kermit still believes that he can get his show on Broadway , but after he finally does and let 's everybody know that he sold the show , Kermit get 's amnesia and the others don 't know where he is . This features many great scenes , including a live action sequence that introduced the Muppet Babies , a wedding sequence filled with Muppets , including the Sesame Street cast and Traveling Matt ( from Fraggle Rock ) , Scooter as a movie theatre usher , and a scene where Rizzo and the other rats cook breakfast . My only complaint is that more characters weren 't included more . Sure , many of them appear at the wedding , but there should have been some significant roles for Bunsen , Beaker , Beauregard , and Sweetums , and Lips should have been part of The Electric Mayhem in this movie like he was in The Muppet Show 's last season and The Great Muppet Caper , and Miss Piggys dog Foo Foo should have been with her as well ( after all , Rizzo The Rat , also performed by Steve Whitmire , had a big part in this movie , and he wasn 't very well-known at the time ) .
0	This mini series , also based on a book by Alex Haley as was `Queen ' , tried to use similar formulas , that is , constructing a long history following the lives of a family over many years . Whereas in `Queen ' the result was masterful , here in Mama Flora the inspiration was lacking . Firstly perhaps in the book itself , and most certainly in this TV production . Too much is put in with too much haste over the years , such that the unfolding saga is shallow , superficial , not nearly so authentic as in `Queen ' . Full marks for the scenification in the earlier parts of the film , which was prepared with great care , but as the film progressed it seemed to degenerate into a kind of dallasian-forsythian unpalatable mix in the last third of its three hours or so duration . I had hoped for more ; but evidently Haley was less inspired with this tale than his near-biographical `Queen ' , and Peter Werner III is no match for John Erman . Only recommendable for those who have an appetite for these lengthy tales of generations growing up .
1	I 'll be quick to address the matters of the film here : It was a very engaging story about the destructive qualities about all-consuming passions ; a young Italian woman who cannot emotionally connect with her jailed political-radical fianc ( due in part to her apolitical attitudes and freewheeling approach to life ) finds solace and passion in a new young lover whom she embarks on an explicitly sexual relationship with . The anxieties , rage , tenderness and passions that swirl around in the atmosphere of the story equal the dispassionate quiet that seems to engulf the two leads . It lends the film an unsettling mood that permeates through all the political strife that is otherwise lost on the viewer ( unless you have a deep knowledge of Italian politics during the 80 's ) . I found the film compelling ... what ruined it somewhat is a gratuitous oral sex scene that the actress performs on the male lead ... it isn 't simulated and leaves little to the imagination . There are other scenes of sex in the film , which I do feel were necessary because they outline the madness and loneliness that the characters live in . But the oral sex scene , I feel , derails the focus on the actual story . It was smooth sailing up until that point and once the infamous sex scene appears ( which caused much hoopla back in its day ) , it 's like hitting a roadblock . It 's jarring and unnecessary and I am in the camp that believes that the film would not have been harmed any if the scene had been removed from it . And what 's unfortunate is that this particular scene may deter people from watching this intriguing film , which I believe is worth a viewing because there is so much going on underneath the surface , emotions and further turmoils layered in the subtext . Overall : Wonderful film hampered by a much not-needed sex scene .
0	Let me be clear . I 've used IMDb for years . But only today I went through the trouble of registering on the site , just so I could give this movie the lowest possible rating . I 've seen hundreds of films , some of them bad , a few awful . Never , though , have i seen such a contrast of pretense and incompetence , of high intentions and failure . Mira Sorvino is horribly cast as the princess , but entirely unbelievable as Phocion , a young boy . Fiona Shaw is always an entertaining character , but the dialogue in the film is much worse , even , than in the insipid French play that is the source ( Marivaux never reached Hollywood until now , and we should keep it that way ) . To illustrate , for example , that Leontine is a brilliant , passionate philosopher and scientist , she is shown frantically pouring chemicals from beaker to beaker , shouting out names of famous scientists . And the romance between Agis and the princess is played even sillier . For this , the pair should receive a joint ' Clair Danes ' award , which in a just world would be awarded for gratuitously anachronistic and uninspired re-interpretation of interesting teens from literature as brats of the 1990 's ( see Miss Danes in Les Miserables ) . Aside from the atrocious plot and dialogue , there are some attempts to introduce artistic tropes into the filming . For example , there are moments when a handful of spectators are faded in and out of view of the action , sitting in chairs , watching the principal characters . The Director wants us to realize she 's adapted a play . I get it . But it doesn 't happen at all until far into the film . At that point , seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment , then disappearing , is creepy and distracting . They 're like some sort of un-scary zombie crowd , appearing through the mists , filling us with dread . When you see the horrible frolic and song that ends this movie , you 'll want to rouse your own crowd of zombies and kill them all for the grave injustise of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes . -Matthew McGuire
1	I can agree with other comments that there wasn 't an enormous amount of history discussed in the movie but it wasn 't a documentary ! It was meant to entertain and I think it did a very good job at it . I agree with the black family . The scenes with them seemed out of place . Like all of a sudden it would be thrown in but I did catch on to the story and the connection between the families later on and found it pretty good . Despite it wasn 't a re-enactment of the 60s it did bring into the light very big and important landmark periods of the decade . I found it very entertaining and worth my while to watch .
1	Extremely tense thriller set in the urban chaos of So Paulo , the biggest and ugliest third world nightmare in Brazilian urbania . For the sake of making it easy for anyone who is curious about this intriguing and truly well made film , it has the grit of Mexican feature " Amores Perros " with a character not too far off Max Cady , from both Cape Fears , although this is not , by any means , a film about a psychopath . Two partners ( Alexandre Borges and Marco Ricca ) in a construction company pay hitman Anisio ( Miklos ) to off their third partner ( and majority share holder ) in said construction outfit . The murder is blamed on the city , but things begin to look very grim indeed when witty and charismatic walking nightmare Anisio decides he wants to be around the ever so nervous partners in crime , not only trespassing but , more importantly , deconstructing the strict social codes that make up Brazilian society . Anisio turns poverty into an attitude and he wants in . The look is almost entirely handheld , grainy , the performances outstanding throughout , especially so as first time actor ( and member of classic Brazilian pop band ' Tits ' ) , Paulo Miklos , dazzles and baffles the viewer with his pretty funny social terror . I saw the film at the Braslia film Fest in November 2001 . It has since done very well in Sundance and Berlin . Kleber Mendona Filho
0	This so-called " documentary " tries to tell that USA faked the moon-landing . Year right . All those who have actually studied the case knows different . First of all : there is definitely proof . When the astronauts was on the moon , they brought back MANY pounds of rock from the moon - for geological studies . These where spread around the world to hundreds of labs , who tested them . And they all concluded that they came from the same planet , not earth : because the inner isotopes of the basic elements are different from those found on earth , but similar to those calculated to be on the moon . I.E. the conspiracy theorists never studies anything : they only take the thing that fit into their theory and ignores the rest . Another wrongful claim from them is that their was wind in the hangar where they shot the moon landing , I.E. the flag moves . There is a logical explanation : the astronaut moved it with his hand , so it moved . And what proves this : well , if the conspiracy theorists even studied the footage , they would see that the flag NEVER moves after the astronaut have let it be , I.E. the conspiracy theorists are bad-scientists , they cant study a subject properly , or only studies it until they have what they came for , so that they can make a lie from that , and make a profit ( I.E. this so-called " documentary " ) . A claim says that it cant possible have been filmed on the moon because all the shadows come from different places , because there are different light-sources , the artificial lighting from the studio . Once again the conspiracy theorists are wrong ( as usual ) , the same would happen in an earth desert at night , with no light-sources . But i doubt that any Conspiracy theorists have ever been outside their grandmothers basement for more than how many days a Star Treck-convention is held over . The Conspiracy theorists are in denial , BIG TIME . They only see what they want to see . So they make up all these lies to seem important - that is a fact .
0	Is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television ( or the media in general ) as the 1960s ? No . And do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time ? Not really . But if we must have one , does it have to be as shallow as " The ' 60s " ? I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted , especially given Couturie 's involvement in the superb HBO movie " Dear America : Letters Home From Vietnam " which utilized little original music and no original footage , letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves . This presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production , but it doesn 't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time ; like so many of its ilk , it 's seen from the point of view of one family . But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the ' 60s ( it 's amazing that one of them doesn 't go to the Rolling Stones gig at Altamont ) , making it seem less like a period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade . The makers rush through it so much that there 's little or no time to give the characters any character , with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children 's father is especially clichd - and then when they 're back on BLAMMO ! it 's something else . Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly . In fairness , Jerry O 'Connell , Jordana Brewster , Jeremy Sisto , Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material the old college try , but they 're wasted ( especially the latter two ) ; it 's undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare straight role as activist Fred Hampton , and Rosanna Arquette ( in an uncredited cameo in part 2 ) is always welcome . What isn 't welcome is how " The ' 60s " drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect ( and this may well be the only time an American TV presentation about post-60s America never mentions the British Invasion - no Beatles , no Rolling Stones ... then again , there 's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album , right ? ) . Capping its surface-skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy ending , " American Dreams " and " The Wonder Years " did it all much , much better . Nothing to see here you can 't see elsewhere , people ... except for Julia Stiles doing the twist , that is .
1	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year . It 's still a competent thriller , the machine carried on without him perfectly , but something was missing : Dix ! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting , sometimes brilliant , the screenplays often noir always atmospheric , but it wasn 't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen , Dix did too . Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad . Is the potential groom put off , even when the private dick he 's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams , or is love blind ? Who 's twisting who is the question . Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp , lovely Lenore Aubert 's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein , and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie . Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain , unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice . A lot happened in this last hour , well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me . The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows , nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I 've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well .
0	I admit that the majority of this film was uninspired , but i was still entertained . It has a wonderful sense of frenetic energy , above average music , and the women in the film fiercely defend themselves , there 's no prissies here . I can think of dozens of other films that were way worse , at least this one had an intriguing plotline along with some social commentary.They allude to how the military deals with viral epidemics , destroy everything in sight , even if it means the people you 're supposed to be saving.Also , how dangerous martial law can be since at that point democracy ceases to exist . Fulci seemed to attempt to combine his earlier work ( zombie , beyond , gates of hell ) in an effort to somehow improve on them.He failed , but definitely not miserably , like a number of people would have you think.I have a soft spot for zombie films , so i admit that i 'm somewhat biased when it comes to reviewing them.All i 'm saying is that this movie is good for one time around , if there wasn 't so much descension in the making of this film ( fulci quit and bruno ( i can hack with the best of them ) mattei took over ) it could have been much better and more focused.It 's going to stay in my collection as fulci 's zombie swan song.One surprising note , is that there is a scene in zombie 3 that cemetery man actually ripped off , i couldn 't believe it myself , check it out you 'll be surprised .
0	The Haunting , if you have seen the original , you know a great ghost story , it 's perfection on film . It 's a haunting tale of 4 people who go into a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movements , it terrified people . It still remains effective to this day if you appreciate film . So when The Haunting was remade in 1999 , a lot of people pretty much had the same reaction " WHAT ? WHY ? WHAT THE " But in my opinion if a remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story for the newer generation , I 'm pretty cool with it . This is definitely not the case , this is just a disrespectful boring shame that will waste your time and I guarantee will deliver no scares pfft ! PG-13 , what where they thinking ? Not much apparently . When her mother dies and her sister evicts her , Nell receives a phone call , telling her about an ad for an insomnia study run by Doctor David Marrow at Hill House , a secluded manor . Upon arrival , Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley , a strange pair of caretakers who do not stay on the property after dark . Shortly thereafter , two other participants in the study arrive , wild Theo and " bad sleeper " Luke Sanderson along with Doctor Marrow . Unknown to the participants , Doctor Marrow 's true purpose is to study the psychological response to fear . Each night , the caretakers chain the gate outside Hill House , preventing anyone from getting in or out until morning , when the caretakers open the lock . There are no working telephones inside Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away . Doctor Marrow revels the story of Hill House . The house was built by Hugh Crain , Crain built the house for his wife , hoping to fill it with a large family full of children , however all of Crain 's children died during birth . Crain 's wife killed herself before the house was finished , and Crain became a recluse . The first night , Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomenon within the house , including odd noises and inexplicable temperature changes . Nell is confronted after the main hallway is vandalized with the words " Welcome Home , Eleanor " , and becomes extremely distraught , setting out to prove that the house is haunted by the souls of those victimized by Crain 's cruelty . She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor and murdering them when they were of no more use to him . He then burned the bodies in the house 's fireplace to hide any evidence . She also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn , of whom Nell is descended . Everyone thinks she 's crazy while Nell is convinced this is where she belongs . Seriously , I suggest you stay away from this film , it 's really stupid and pointless . Not to mention the actress the played Nell , Lili Taylor completely annoyed me , her performance , her look , just everything about her , don 't get me started on things I would do just to not see her in film again . Catherine Zeta Jones just didn 't fit in her role as well and Liam Neeson , a wonderful actor wasted talent once again . The effects are way over the top and too computerized , I just can 't believe that they would trash a wonderful classic with this crud . Believe me , if you are going to be afraid of something , be afraid of seeing how you can turn a great ghost story into an annoying piece of overblown stupid . Oh , this film is already hurting me , just don 't see it , it 's bad . 1 / 10
1	I was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time . The Frisbee flying saucer was naff beyond comprehension , especially when landing , yet the specially effects when the Krell attacked were awesome for a film that was made over half a century ago ! Living in the middle east I saw shades of Islam creep in when JJ Adams suggested Alta should dress more modestly , and as an engineer , was amazed by the imagination used for the ' futuristic ' gadgets , and gizmos dreamed up by the props department . All in all , an entertaining hour and a half , my first time seeing Walter Pidgeon and a chance to see Leslie Neilsen as a ' young ' man
0	When I look back on my college days at Ohio University , there will always be one event in which I will remember with fond memories . Channel 23 is OU 's local access channel and until the last few years , pretty much played anything they were sent . This included many DIY movies ranging from a guy microwaving marshmallow Peeps and then scanning pictures of them online , to a version of Macbeth starring 8th graders who had apparently just learned how to make squibs . However , the king , in my opinion , of the channel 23 lineup was Midnight Skater . The first time I watched it was around 2AM . I should have been studying . Or sleeping . Or watching regular TV . But no , all that is for pussies . My roommate and I watched Midnight Skater , and when it was complete , I don 't think either of us believed that any of the movie had just happened . But sure enough , it was on a few nights later , and we had to come to grips that this movie did , in fact , exist . I could go on and on about how awful it is , but its the sort of awful that makes life worth living . The plot is disjointed , the acting terrible , the everything soul scarring , but by god , if there are others watching with you , its impossible not to have a good time watching it . Its sort of like the first time you hear " Guts " by Chuck Pahalniuk . You hear it , you 're disgusted and shaken , but five minutes later , all you want and desire is to make someone else experience the abject horror you just endured . Long story short , Midnight Skater , for all of its epic flaws , makes for some very late night fun . Plus , I desperately want the Theme to Midnight Skater . Kudos to whoever wrote it and sang it . Sweet God I love that song .
0	After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes . Though i guess not . If the first one wasn 't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch . With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever . Though they couldn 't , they had to take all the same raunchy , not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again . Though the thing is i didn 't laugh at it the first time . They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level . Most of the time it 's just randomly inserted jokes , that are so disgusting and raunchy that it 's hard to watch it and enjoy it . Then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene . Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience , well i fit into the age range that it 's supposed to be funny for . While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not , if you do find this funny then you probably aren 't one of the more mature or intelligent people around . It doesn 't take that much skill to write that kind of a script , though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie Spaceballs . It 's a movie parody that 's actually good and well done and it didn 't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either .
0	How viewers react to this new " adaption " of Shirley Jackson 's book , which was promoted as NOT being a remake of the original 1963 movie ( true enough ) , will be based , I suspect , on the following : those who were big fans of either the book or original movie are not going to think much of this one ... and those who have never been exposed to either , and who are big fans of Hollywood 's current trend towards " special effects " being the first and last word in how " good " a film is , are going to love it . Things I did not like about this adaption : 1 . It was NOT a true adaption of the book . From the articles I had read , this movie was supposed to cover other aspects in the book that the first one never got around to . And , that seemed reasonable , no film can cover a book word for word unless it is the length of THE STAND ! ( And not even then ) But , there were things in this movie that were never by any means ever mentioned or even hinted at , in the movie . Reminded me of the way they decided to kill off the black man in the original movie version of THE SHINING . I didn 't like that , either . What the movie 's press release SHOULD have said is ... " We got the basic , very basic , idea from Shirley Jackson 's book , we kept the same names of the house and several ( though not all ) of the leading character 's names , but then we decided to write our own story , and , what the heck , we watched THE CHANGELING and THE SHINING and GHOST first , and decided to throw in a bit of them , too . " 2 . They completely lost the theme of a parapyschologist inviting carefully picked guest who had all had brushes with the paranormal in their pasts , to investigate a house that truly seemed to have been " born bad " . No , instead , this " doctor " got everyone to the house under the false pretense of studying their " insomnia " ( he really invited them there to scare them to death and then see how they reacted to their fear ... like lab rats , who he mentioned never got told they are part of an experiment ... nice guy ) . This doctor , who did not have the same name , by the way , was as different from the dedicated professional of the original movie as night from day . 3 . In direct contrast to the statement that was used to promote both movies " some houses are just born bad " , this house was not born bad but rather became bad because of what happened there ... and , this time around , Nel gets to unravel the mystery ( shades of THE CHANGELING ) . The only problem was , the so-called mystery was so incoherently told that I 'm sure it remained a mystery to most of the audience ... but , then there was no mystery in the first place ( not in the book ) , because the house was bad TO BEGIN WITH . It 's first " victim " died before ever setting eyes on it . 4 . The way the character of Luke was portrayed was absolutely ridiculous . He was supposed to be a debonair playboy who was someday to inherit the house ( and was a true skeptic of it 's " history " ) ... and in this one he was just a winey-voiced , bumbling nerd who couldn 't sleep ( insomnia remember ) and was a compulsive liar . 5 . I was also annoyed with the way the movie jumped from almost trying to recreate original scenes word for word ( the scene with Nel 's sister 's family , and Mrs. Dudley 's little opening speech ... ) to going off into flights of fancy that made me think more of these other movies than THE HAUNTING . It 's like it couldn 't make up its mind what it wanted to do . 6 . I missed Nel 's narrative through the whole movie . The original was so like a gothic novel in the way that the story was mostly told in the first person , through Nel 's eyes , and we always were privy to her thoughts . That totally unique touch was completely lost in the new version . They also tried to make Nel much more of a heroine . The original Nel was not a bad person , but she was a bitter person ( could she be otherwise after sacrificing 11 years of her life to a selfish old woman and a spiteful sister ? ) and she liked to moan , and she lost her temper ... This one was almost too good to be true . This was never more apparent than in the climax of the movie where the writer 's had obviously been watching GHOST one too many times . 7 . They changed the history of the house and it 's occupents too much . There was no Abigail Crain ( the daughter of Hugh whose legend loomed large in the original versions ) , there was no " companion " , and there was no nursery . There was also no " Grace " ( wife of the original doctor ) and Hugh Crain 's wives died in totally different ways . These changes , changed the story WAY too much . I don 't know whether the producers of this movie should be glad Shirley Jackson no longer walks this earth or whether they should ... BE SORRY ( if ya get my drift ! ! ! The hauntings she could envision are not something to be trifled with ! ! ! ) . In conclusion , let me just leave you with some words from the original Luke ( appropriate substitution of the word " house " for " movie " ! ) : " This ' movie ' should be burnt to the ground , and the ground sprinkled with salt ! " My favorite movie of all time remains so . No competition from this one .
1	One the whole , this movie isn 't perfect . It doesn 't ' hang well ' together as the story line is basically a bunch of hooks to hang jokes . Some of these jokes are a little ' too 80s ' and tend to date the picture . But some of these jokes are classic . You know a movie has something special when you and your friends still reference silly quotes from it over 2 decades later . Plus , there are a bunch of familiar faces ; Michael Keaton , Danny Devito , Joe Piscapo , Peter Boyle , Marilu Henner , Maureen Stapleton , Bob Eubanks , Griffin Dunne , and one of the last roles of Alan Hale Jr . , the Skipper from Gilligan 's Island . Also , there are some great absurdist moments , like when Johnny is labelling the puppies with a pricing gun , or the Pope making an appearance in Johnny 's neighborhood . Also , the scene where the fake priest makes up a lot of words in Latin is excellent . ( " Summa cum laude , magna cum laude , the radio 's too louda ... Post meridian , ante meridian , uncle meridian " ) . Other Classic Scenes include Ramone Maroney butchering the English language Danny Devito urging Griffin Dunne to ' Play Ball ' Peter Boyle thinking he lost his manhood The fake VD movie This movie is no home run . But like ' Porky 's ' , it has enough classic comedy bits to make it memorable .
1	Can I be as simple and primitive in my evaluations as to simply say " I liked it " ? It 's reasonably funny by bits , it got great stars and it 's gorgeous to look at . The songs ( there are about two which are then repeated ) are forgettable , but they get a healthy ironic treatment ( such as the terribly handsome Mr Fairbanks exploding into frenzied Wagnerian version of the tender ballad Miss Grable has just rendered ) ; there isn 't much dancing with all the 1861 crinolines draped around Miss Grable , and the comedy might be a bit heavy handed , but the result still is very uplifting . The photography ( including real outdoor shots which are a thrill ) is amazing , playing around with different shades of lush heavy gold . Miss Grable is a bit past her prime and on the plumpish side , but still fresh and comfortable in this continental " olde worlde " comedy . It 's pretty much along the line of " Down to Earth " with Rita Hayworth , and that one tends to be rather disliked by many . So I suppose several people would deem " That Lady in Ermine " to be outdated and stuffy . But it 's a fairy tale , and these tend to move along at a certain paste anyhow . My suggestion is - just enjoy the artwork , the costumes , the witty script and everything else this film has to offer , and stop complaining . The film has been released on DVD in Germany , with both German and English soundtrack .
1	Ok , first I have to point the fact that when I first saw this flick I was 9 years old . If I had seen this one two weeks ago for the first time , Id probably have noted that this is just another cheaply-made-cable-TV horror film with some well-made scenes . But when youre nine you just dont care about those facts . This scared the hell out of me back then , especially those aforementioned Zelda- scenes ( and they still do ) . Nowadays Im kind of hooked to this film . I have to see this maybe once in a month , and on every new years eve I watch this with a 12-pack of beer & bunch of friends . Its like an appetizer for a good party ! I kinda agree to those people who said that the acting here is pretty unintense . Midkiff and Crosby do look like I wanted Louis and Rachel look like , but one cant see very much devotion or feelings on the faces of these two . Hughes and Gwynne pretty much save the scenes which " the Creeds " underact . What I actually want to say about this is the fact that there really is no other film that has any kind of similarity to Pet Sematary , and I dont mean the zombie stuff here . THE ATMOSPHERE OF THIS FILM IS CERTAINLY A NOVELTY AND ONE OF A KIND . Honestly , how many times you have seen a film which on superficial level looks like a cable-TV one , but leave you with a chill compared to only the best horror-chillers out there ? Alright I busted some of the casts balls a minute ago , but I have to say that all pieces in that level too hone the overall acting to perfection . But hey tell me if you really know some film which is similar to Pet Sematary ! I really would love to know ... And I dont mean night of the living dead here ... this one is way beyond compare in intelligence compared to that stuff .
1	Tho 35 years old , Groove Tube looks a lot like actual TV today ! Specialty niche networks ( nude sports ) , a TV show about stoner drug dealers called the Dealers ( ala Weeds , and even predating 1978 's Cheech & Chong Up In Smoke ) , weird beer commercials ( Butz Beer , no less bizarre than Bud Bowls ) , dirty-minded kid 's clown Koko ( shades of Pee Wee Herman ) , even Chevy Chase doing slapstick humor ( a violent barbershop vocal duo ) a year before his 1975 debut on Saturday Night Live . And thanks to the infamous opening sequence that earned Groove Tube an initial X-rating , I still can 't hear Curtis Mayfield 's " Move On Up " without thinking of naked dancing hitchhiking hippies ---- For similar sketch-style movies , see TunnelVision , Kentucky Fried Movie , Amazon Women on the Mood , Monty Python 's Beyond the Fringe , Dynamite Chicken , and the Firesign Theatre 's Everything You Know is Wrong .
0	Note : I will reveal a key part of the plot , but if you 've looked at the DVD cover or any promotional material , you 'll already know it . This movie seems to have been written by an eleven-year-old who isn 't very bright and was probably very tired when he wrote it . The writer doesn 't know the difference between a chemical and an organism . Forget the fact the the UN and the NSA seem to be running the show in Hungary . Forget the fact that when these master intelligence agents go chasing after someone whose mere touch will kill you in about a minute they don 't wear protective gear ( not even gloves ) . These are quibbles in the context of this movie . In the scientific world within this story , 2 + 2 = 6.34 and gravity goes sideways . The fact is that the people in this movie do not ( with a few exceptions ) behave the way human beings behave . Almost every time a character responds to something it is inappropriate . The love story ( of course there is one ) makes soap opera scripts seem like Shakespeare . I can 't believe we wasted a free movie rental on this thing .
1	i wasn 't a fan of seeing this movie at all , but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics. overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though ( around 85 min . ) but it was enough to tell the whole story , build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast ( especially jason biggs ) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace. overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i 'm reviewing this movie from a guy 's persepctive alright , it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it .
0	The goofy Griswalds win the T.V. game show " pig in a poke " grand prize , and all fly off together to Europe where they manage to cause one stupid disaster after another . Of all the ridiculous , unfunny money-spinning sequels this one beats the lot . Harold Ramis ' 1983 film was a below average misadventure in which the misfit family went on a nightmarish " Vacation " across the States . This time Amy Heckerling ( " Look Who 's Talking " ) helms what turns out to be a disastrous " comedy " which will annoy you more than it will make you laugh . Hughes script ( with Rob Klane ) is awful and you wonder why the likes of Chevy Chase and Beverly D 'Angelo bothered with such a dead-beat project , as even Anthony Michael Hall and Imogene Coca had the sense to decline the offer . Even an omnipotent Michael Palin is unable to lift proceedings to any level that one could call entertaining . Yet , as inconceivable as it may seem , " European Vacation " was successful enough to warrant a second sequel ! Surely it couldn 't be as unbearable as this one . You know , I have yet to see a National Lampoon show that was worth the bother . Monday , December 26 , 1994 - T.V.
0	This film is terrible . You don 't really need to read this review further . If you are planning on watching it , suffice to say - don 't ( unless you are studying how not to make a good movie ) . The acting is horrendous ... serious amateur hour . Throughout the movie I thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like Michael Madsen , only to find out that it is actually him ! A new low even for him ! ! The plot is terrible . People who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before . Even by the standard of Hollywood action flicks , this is a terrible movie . Don 't watch it ! ! ! Go for a jog instead - at least you won 't feel like killing yourself .
1	Since was only a toddler when this show originally aired I just recently picked up the DVD set and am wishing there were more episodes filmed . This show was a 70s version of the poplular 90 's TV series " X-Files " - but with a bit more of a comedic / light hearted approach . But don 't get me wrong , some of these episodes have full on horror themes , many in which have some pretty greuesome plots ( left to the imagination of course- this was the early 70s television ) . Some of the plots where a bit silly as well as the acting , but that is the charm and attraction to this series . Whether you like mystery crime dramas , comedies , or sci-fi / horror themes , this series brought all that together . Each episode clocked in at around 50 minutes or so ( 1 hour with commercials ) and that 50 minutes goes by quick always leaving me wanting more . A great classic show that is underrated in my book !
0	This movie shows a clip of live animal mutilation of an animal getting hacked by a machete and getting its skin ripped off . I know these horrible things happen in the world , but Im watching movies based on the fact that what Im watching is not actually happening on the screen . These live animal clips are not meant to be in movies , they are meant to show people that belong to certain organizations to help the horrible things that humans to do other species . This should be banned and destroyed . I have also contacted Netflix and other resources to collaborate getting this movie off the market ! ! This movie should be removed from the public . The person who made this movie needs psychological help .
0	Shame really - very rarely do I watch a film and am left feeling disappointed at the end . I 've seen quite a few of Ira Levin 's adaptations - ' Rosemary 's Baby ' and ' The Stepford Wives ' - and liked both them , but this just didn 't appeal to me . When I read the plot outline - an award winning playwright ( Michael Caine ) decides to murder one of his former pupils ( Christopher Reeve ) and steel his script for his own success - I was excited . I like thrillers , Michael Caine 's a good actor , Sidney Lumet 's a good director and Ira Levin 's work is generally good . I won 't spoil it for anyone who hasn 't seen it yet , but all I 'd say is there are LOADS of twists and turns . So many its kind of hard to explain the film 's plot line in detail , without giving it away . I enjoyed the first ... 45 minutes , before the twists and turns began to occur and at that point my interest and enjoyment began to fade out . Though I have to give Lumet credit for the very amusing ending which did make me laugh out loud . The main cast - Michael Caine , Christopher Reeve , Dyan Cannon and Irene Worth - were all brilliant in their roles . Though Worth 's obvious fake Russian accent got on my nerves slightly ( nothing personal Irene , I think any actor 's fake accent would irritate me ) . Not sure if Cannon 's character was meant to be annoyingly funny but Dyan managed to annoy and amuse - at the same time . Anyone reading this - I don 't want you to be put-off watching this because of my views - give it a chance , you may like it , you may not . It 's all about opinion .
1	Like The Jeffersons , Good Times was one of the those classic American sitcoms which was never aired in the UK , not to mention it came out in the 1970s- a decade where of which I wasn 't born yet . But like most fans of the show , I watched a few episodes on You Tube- and afterwards , I loved it . The Evans family are headed by James and Florida- two parents trying to make ends meet , and who despite their lack of qualifications , encourage their children , who have their own aspirations in life to fulfil them and to take their chances . James was the strict but loving dad , who didn 't dare hesitate in disciplining J.J , Michael and Thelma- should they over-step the line . Whilst Florida , in contrast was a fair , kind- hearted and considerate mother and loving wife , although she was in many ways similar to James , with regards to their attitudes to parenthood and family values from an Afro- American perspective . The kids were just as lively and entertaining as the parents themselves : J.J was an aspiring artist with a goofy personality and crazy sense of humour , who would often wear multi-coloured outfits , and whose ' DY-NO-MITE ' catchphrase is as infectious and familiar as Arnold Jackson 's ' Whatchoo talking ' ' bout Willis ? ' from Diff 'rent Strokes . Michael was the smart-alec , who dreams of becoming a lawyer , whilst sister Thelma had her own dreams and hopes . Her verbal taunts with J.J were mostly hilarious , as was the love / hate relationship between brother and sister , which was played out extremely well by both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis . Over the seasons , there were a few cameo appearances made , most notably from Janet Jackson , Debbie Allen and a young Gary Coleman as himself ! I actually prefer Good Times over say , The Cosby Show , which was an 80s show because a ) I preferred the Evans family over the Huxtables , both in terms of a ) characterisation and b ) as I felt it tackled serious and difficult social issues , in a way that resonated with many viewers . It was a comedy but it was also a social commentary which aimed to highlight the lives of working class , Afro- Americans in 1970s America . The Cosby Show attempted to cater to the mainstream audience in a ' candy coated ' way , as the Huxtables were portrayed as Blacks who easily assimilated themselves into an upper-class U.S culture we would associate Whites with , whereas Good Times in contrast was much more ' edgier ' and it was not afraid to address themes such as drug and child abuse in a realistic way . I actually found that whilst The Cosby Show can be fun to watch at times , it lacked that bit of ' sassiness ' which Good Times has and of which made it trendier and cooler . The show did jump the shark during the latter seasons , as it continued after John Amos 's character , James died in a freak accident ( in reality , it was known at the time that John had quit Good Times for good . And so , his character 's death was written as it is on the show ) . Without John , the show suffered and alas , it lost a lot of its charm . Still , for a sitcom , Good Times ticked all the right boxes . If only they had shown this in the UK during the 80s . As it certainly is , as JJ would put it , ' DY-NO-MITE ! ! ' My rating : 8 and a half
1	This film takes you on one family 's impossible journey , and makes you feel every step of their odyssey . Beautifully acted and photographed , heartbreakingly real . Its last line , with its wistful hope , is one of the more powerful in memory .
1	I have seen a couple movies on eating disorders but this one was definitely my favorite one . The problem with the other ones was that the people with the eating disorders towards the end just automatically get better or accept the fact that they need help and thats it. this movie I thought was more realistic cause in this one the main character Lexi doesn 't automatically just get better . She gets better and then has a drawback . I think this movie shows more than the others that I 've seen that getting better doesn 't just happen , it 's hard work and takes time , it 's a long path to recovery . I think this movie shows all of that very well . There should be more movies like this .
0	So , American Pie : Beta House is the 6th American Pie movie in the series . Although , it really has nothing to do with the original three American Pie movies except some of the characters are supposed to be related to the characters in the original trilogy and Eugene Levy is in it ( can 't that guy get better gigs ? ) . There is very little to compliment this movie on . There aren 't any funny jokes . The acting is painful to watch , especially the girl with the " southern " accent which sounds more like a Canadian 's impersonation of a British woman pretending to be a hillbilly by using the word " ya 'll . " This movie makes me feel like such an idiot . Why didn 't I apply to a college where nobody goes to class ( but everybody gets good grades ) , girls consistently take their clothes off in public , everybody has promiscuous unprotected sex without the burden of babies and STIs , and you can ejaculate all over a girl 's family photos without her minding ? Really , this series has lowered itself to the standards of softcore porn . Maybe for the next one , they 'll finally break down and hire Ron Jeremy as the lead . I 'm sure they can just tie it in to the series by making his character Stifler 's 3rd uncle once removed or something like that .
1	One reviewer notes that it does not seem to matter what Welles actually says or does , he moves you . I concur . He was and remains a unique force in film . More than a triple threat who could act , write and direct , he had a genius uniquely suited to film . One can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter . This film certainly reinforces that impression . A musician , a theatre actor , an heir to Shakespeare ? hard to tell but I am very grateful that his time cam with film and he have him captured on film . I like the accent . I like the face , the size , the style , the mind and the games . I love all of his movies and wish there were more . I particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film . Many were never better or at least somehow different with him because he was o firmly there . Even towards the end when his beauty was ruined , perhaps by his own intent , he was impossible to ignore and he made every scene he was in . Rita was a gorgeous blonde -- a Lana Turner look alike but perhaps even lovelier and even then the eye goes to Welles and one wishes for another minute , another film , another hour in his company . That is why we all wish we could come upon the lost scraps cut from his films because we know , we all know , that there is not part of him not worthy of our time . Watch it and be grateful for the chance .
0	Allow me to start this review by saying this : I love vampire movies . They can suck ( har har pun intended ) , and I 'll still love them because vampires are just cool in movies . Van Helsing , considered by many to be a steaming pile of crap , was enjoyable to me because of the fact that there were vampires . You may ask : " What does that have to do with this movie ? " The answer is that I intend to inform you of how horrible this movie truly is , that even a sucker ( harharhar ) for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like this so much . The movie stars Van Helsing , a college professor guy who isn 't at all convincing . He 's a terrible actor , like everyone else in this movie , and he wrote it , to add salt to the wound . I honestly to not mean to offend him , and I 'm sure everyone had fun making this movie , but watching it was actually painful . I 'm not sure why I watched the whole thing ; perhaps it was a morbid fascination , like watching an impending train crash : it 's horrible , but you can 't manage to force yourself to look away . Its main fault is that it 's just so * * * * ing boring , and its plot is so damn ridiculous , even for a science fiction horror movie . But , I digress . By the way , Van Helsing has sex with his mom . Of course , he doesn 't know it 's her at the time ; he just thinks it 's one of his students ( which is still illegal and all , but not as disgusting and creepy ) . If I were Van Helsing , I would at least pull an Oedipus myself when I found out I had done something so gross . It would 've made for one entertaining thing if he just made some comment on it , but no . The point isn 't even brought up at all , by any of the characters . It 's as if the writer didn 't even think of it . I would 've at least had another character laugh at him and say " Ha ha , you had sex with your mom , " which would be mildly humorous ( although blatantly immature ) . I 'm probably running out of room , so a few more words to dissuade you from ever seeing this film : there 's a vampire ninja fight with an old man . It would be funny , but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously . It 's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is . Stay far , far away from it if you value your time at all . I will say one thing positive about the movie : the guy who plays Van Helsing is pretty slick with that knife of his . There 's like , a minute long segment where he swings around his knife and actually does some pretty nifty tricks . It would be boring in any other movie , but here , sadly , it was the highlight .
0	While the 3-D animation ( the highlight of the show ) did it 's job well , most other elements fell flat . It was as though the filmmakers thought " well , it 's gonna be 3-D so we don 't have to work that hard on the plot or character development . " And the fact that it 's a children 's movie is absolutely no excuse . The public is drawn to three dimensional characters ( Shrek , Nemo 's Dad ) just as much as they are drawn to three dimensional graphics . The only dimension any of the main characters showed was two dimensional Scooter who twists the plot from time to time with his compulsion to eat everything in sight . And the absolute kicker ? Buzz Aldrin 's appearance at the very end ( after watching a very robotic cartoon version of the same historical figure for an hour and half ) comes on the screen and ruins everyone 's good time by calling the film 's main characters " contaminants " and announcing that the situation put forth on screen was actually an impossibility . ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? Did you just wanna tell the kids the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus don 't exist while you 're at it ?
1	Two women , sick of their controlling husbands , taking a vacation in Italy for a month with two other very different women.They come back refreshed and energized in this wonderful little film by Merchant - Ivory . Great scenery and the location isn 't bad either . Seriously , a very good period piece 7 of 10
0	" What happens when you give a homeless man $ 100,000 ? " As if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen . The creators of " Reversal of Fortune " try to get their voyeuristic giggles while disguising their antics as some kind of responsible social experiment . They take Ted , a homeless man in Pasadena , and give him $ 100,000 to see if he will turn his life around . Then , with only the most cursory guidance and counseling , they let him go on his merry way . What are they trying to say ? " Money can 't buy you happiness ? " " The homeless are homeless because they deserve to be ? " Or how about , " Lift a man up - it 's more fun to watch him fall from a greater altitude . " They took a man with nothing to lose , gave him something to lose , and then watched him dump it all down the drain . That 's supposed to be entertainment ? They dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shots , but in the end it has all the moral high ground of car crash videos - only this time they engineered the car crashes and asked , " What happens when you take down a stop sign ? "
1	Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night . Intense acting , great villain and unexpected action . Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min 's and 88 % of the movie is on a plane and just talking . Don 't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog . A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven . But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller . This movies strongest point is its cast . This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills . If they didn 't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring . We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers . Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later . Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2 . The pacing in this film was great . Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you . Luckily this isn 't a long movie and doesn 't feel like it either . Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan . Here is my Flight Plan comment : http : / / www.imdb.com / title / tt0408790 / usercomments-578 I recommend . Not too long and not too shabby . 8 / 10
0	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot , but the paste was very slow ... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic , i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched. the cinematography is not excellent , but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK. i still wouldn 't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student. the movie does not contain music , and the horses having sex don 't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid. no winnings here , skip this utter boredom. i 've seen worse believe me , but this is just waste of time , and i don 't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings ...
1	Deliverance is a stunning thriller , every bit as exciting as any good thriller should aspire to be but also stomach-churningly frightening . Though it is not a horror movie , it is just as terrifying as any classic horror film . The very thought of being a normal red-blooded male enjoying an adventure weekend miles from any form of civilisation , only to be captured and sodomised by a couple of violent hillbillies , is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9 % of the world 's population . It would have been easy for Deliverance to slip into exploitation territory , but John Boorman has cleverly avoided the temptation to go down such a route and has made a film that explores , questions and challenges the very meaning of masculinity . With so many films , you come away wishing to heaven that you could step into the hero 's shoes , performing heroic deeds and saving the day and getting the girl ... but with Deliverance , you come away praying to God that you 'll never have to experience what these four protagonists go through . Four city guys - Ed ( Jon Voight ) , Lewis ( Burt Reynolds ) , Drew ( Ronny Cox ) and Bobby ( Ned Beatty ) - head out into the wilderness to spend a few days canoing down a soon-to-be-dammed river . The guys are riding the rapids in pairs , and Ed and Bobby inadvertently get a little too far ahead of the others so they pull in to the riverside and await their pals in the adjacent woodland . Here , they fall foul of two local woodlanders ( Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward ) , who tie Ed to a tree , while one of them strips and rapes Bobby instructing him , perversely , to " squeal like a pig " . Lewis and Drew arrive unseen and Lewis , being a fair archer , kills the rapist while the other hillbilly beats a hasty retreat into the forest . Under great emotional stress , the four canoeists decide to conceal the event and get out of the area . But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they journey downstream , and the risk to their lives heightens when the surviving hillbilly returns to take shots at them with his rifle from some unseen vantage point in the rocky cliffs beside the river . Deliverance is very powerful as a survival tale , but even more powerful ( and disturbing ) as a study of macho attitudes being torn apart and left in humiliated tatters . Though all the performances are remarkable , one must take particular note of Beatty 's efforts in a role that many actors would 've turned down . The film is very similar thematically to the 1971 film Straw Dogs - both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated locales , and in both the eventual violent revenge exacted by the victim does not result in any sense of satisfaction . The backdrop of the rugged countryside in Deliverance is beautiful to look at , but it also adds to the tension by placing the four canoeists in a setting where they are at the mercy of the hillbillies and the landscape , with nobody to rely on other than themselves . This truly is suspenseful film-making at its finest .
1	Midnight Cowboy is not for everybody . It 's raw , painful , and realistic but very entertaining . The lead actors Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman who would go on to become Oscar winning actors deliver amazing performances . Voight as the Texas hustler , Joe Buck , who migrates from small town Texas to New York City to become a hustler . He does not apologize for his chosen profession but it is not that easy . The New York City women like the rich lady played by Georgeann Johnson and Cass played by Oscar nominated Sylvia Miles are different than Texas women . Sadly , Buck is trying to escape from his past life in Texas . He was raised by his grandmother , Sally Buck , played by the wonderful actress Ruth White who died in 1969 from cancer . The locations in New York City are wonderful to watch as is the relationship between Fatso played by Hoffman and Buck 's characters evolve into a moving male to male friendship . The men are struggling to survive the New York City life by not playing by the rules like getting a real job . As the film evolves , Buck 's past comes to the surface and it 's haunting but not clear . The film is not for children but compared to today 's films and television programming , Midnight Cowboy might be more tame . I can 't forget a young Brenda Vaccaro and a party that you can 't forget . It 's also a tearjerker of a film , so get your hankies out too .
1	This , like Murder She Wrote , is one of those shows , that after a stressful day at school , I sit down in front of the TV , and watch . Why ? Because I genuinely enjoy it , and it 's a shame it 's not on the air anymore . Dick Van Dyke is amazing as Dr Mark Sloan , a doctor-turned-detective , who with his son , solves murders . He is joined by a largely unknown but very competent supporting cast , namely his real-life son , Barry Van Dyke . Victoria Rowell is also good , but I noticed that every series her hairstyle changes. i also liked Scott Baio and Charlie Schlatter , but I particularly loved Michael Tucci as Norman , and was puzzled how he suddenly disappeared . This show is so entertaining , with great guest stars , it 's a bit obvious at times , like Colombo , but in every episode , there is always something to chuckle about . In conclusion , a great series , with two thumbs up and a 10 / 10 . Bethany Cox
0	There is one really good scene in Faat Kine . The title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened , Faat Kine sprays her in the face . The scene works because the act is so unexpected , bizarre , and rather funny at the same time . In that one instance , writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for , an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours . In the scene , he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions . For the rest of the movie , the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones . The tone is all over the place . It 's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre , but I don 't think Faat Kine fits into any genre . Supposedly , it 's a drama , though there are moments of such broad comedy ( the aforementioned spraying in the face ) that it cannot be taken seriously . On the other hand , the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics Sembene has crammed into the picture . There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together . Unfortunately , Semebene doesn 't find that balance . Instead , one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason , leaving two different tones hanging in the wind . Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale . The film ends with a big party where all the characters ' conflicts are resolved , only they aren 't resolved quickly . The scene lasts longer than any other scene , going on for probably twenty minutes . Because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering , the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene , making for a frustrating viewing experience . Perhaps I am being too hard on Faat Kine . I am not the right audience for it . I felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story . There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters . However , I was unable to do so and thus cannot recommend it .
1	If you like Star Wars / Trek , come see where they got all their ideas and cinematic devices . It 's my top 2 favorite movies of all times , other-worldly-futuristic and psycho-thriller . The intensity of the root material ( Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " ) is not overshadowed by whizbang gimmickry ( a la later Lucas ) . And just because it was made in 1956 , don 't assume you can ' see the strings ' holding the flying saucer up . This was the first movie where you COULDN 'T . Miracle it was made at " A-movie " scale , economics and tastes at the time were stacked heavily against it . And director Wilcox 's previous ' hit ' was " Lassie Come Home " . Until I looked him up , I assumed ' Fred Wilcox ' was a pseudonym for a director who was already or later became famous , but at the time didn 't want to be associated with sci-fi , which was strictly a " B " genre back then . This was either a very VERY visionary production , or a very fortuitous ' mistake ' on the part of the folks who bankroll Hollywood . There are the massive-scale mattes with live action almost microscopically inserted that Lucas used extensively . There are intelligent machines that transcend the stereotypical ' user interface ' ; " computers " , as they 've come to be portrayed much less futuristically in later works . Star Trek 's ' transporter ' is there , visually , almost unaltered by Roddenberry 10 years later . And if the Trek / Wars technobabble turns you off , FP 's scientific references are not overdone and are all accurate , even today . The " ship " set is comprehensive , sparklingly realistic , as good as anything you 've seen since , and more convincing than anything ' Trek ' has done , for TV or film . We didn 't get to spend as much time there as I would have liked . If you ever wondered how movies got into space so competently , watching FP will explain all that . It 's definitely not ' Wagontrain to the Stars ' .
1	Enjoyable and watchable . Tim Meadows at his best . A big boost from Billy Dee Williams . He and a very funny John Witherspoon provide a solid foundation for Mr. Meadows ' riffing . Have fun with this one .
0	After watching this I thought to myself , there are either too few good writers & directors or lots of producers . At any rate , this is a terrible movie . Terrible in a way that it 's not fun , but rather makes you grit your teeth and quiver . Makes you shout " this is wrong " at the movie . Immersion is zero . By now most of you are probably used to the terrible errors / weirdness-es in movies that has computers hackers etc. in them . This movie is like that in every aspect . The only good thing about the movie is the little girl Emily , brilliantly played by Eliza Bennett . I hope she becomes big , and make this .. thing at least worth something . Do yourself a favor . Don 't watch this . There is not even proper action in it . Total waste of time .
1	The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O 'Toole 's performance . In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic . Does anybody do it better than O 'Toole ? I don 't think so . What a great face that man has ! The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts ( especially toward the end ) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels . However , I felt the film basically revolved around Peter O 'Toole 's luminous performance and I 'm sure I wouldn 't have enjoyed it even half as much if he hadn 't been in it .
1	Louise Brooks gives a wonderful performance in this well-made French melodrama . She plays a typist named Lucienne who , despite being in love with a man named Andre , dreams of rising above her position in life . She sees opportunity in a beauty contest for Miss Europe , but Andre is furious when he discovers that she 's entered , then demands that she withdraw . She tries to take back her entry only to discover that she 's already been chosen as Miss France and will now go on to the main pageant . This is a story of love , loss and decision played out to its passionate end . The movie is very energetically filmed by director Augusto Genina and cinema tographers Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee . The filming style is more like modern movies than the Hollywood flicks of the ' 30s , and shows the different style employed by Europeans . There are many fast cuts and traveling shots , mostly done with great skill and verve . The high energy of the movie 's first third dwindles a bit in the middle but picks up again in the last 15 minutes . The performances were very good by all the principals , but that of Louise Brooks is especially memorable . Louise leans heavily on her silent screen skills even though this is a talkie , but because her silent style had a surprisingly contemporary , understated feel , she makes the transition to talkies very well . The long early scene at the fair was especially poignant as Louise used her remarkably expressive eyes to convey her growing sense of misery and alienation , of being trapped in a life she no longer wants . I doubt it 's ever been done better . The film builds to a superb finale , artfully shot , powerful and stylish . This is really some of the best stuff of the early days of film . And the tragic storyline only underscores the greater tragedy that this is the final starring role for Louise Brooks . She wasn 't just a great beauty who looked fantastic in a swimsuit , she really was a major acting talent who basically threw it all away . We are all the poorer for that . This movie is less well known than her German films with G.W. Pabst , but I think it 's a better one . I think this crew is just better at storytelling than Pabst , and while Prix de Beaute may lack the deep moral complexity of the Pabst films , it 's much easier to follow and is overall a more streamlined , focused piece of work . And it doesn 't hurt that Louise 's singing parts are done by Edith Piaf , either . Bottom line , this is a classic Louise Brooks film well worth looking for .
0	This film was so amateurish I could hardly believe what I was seeing . It is shot on VIDEO ! NOT film ! I have not seen the likes of this since the early 70 's , when late night networks showed movie of the week ' horror flicks ' shot in ... video . It looks like a bad soap opera , and that is paying it a compliment . Some of the actors give it their best shot . Michael Des Barres does okay with what he is given to do , which is to act like a sex addict out of control . I can 't say that it is pleasant to watch . Nastassja Kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film , with very little variation in camera angles . I can 't fault her for someone else 's poor blocking , but she is totally unbelievable in her role . Her little girl voice works against her here . And I consider myself a Nastassja Kinski fan . She is certainly ageless and exotic , but she 's outside her range with this . Alexandra Paul is pathetically overwrought . Every line she delivers is with three exclamation points . Someone must have directed her to scream at all costs . Why would Michael Des Barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew ? Finally , Rosanna Arquette as the sweet , maligned wife comes off okay , and probably the most believable of the bunch . But that is not saying much . This has to be the worst film I have seen in years .
1	Gosha 's last great film of the 1960 's . A resolute stylist with a great sense of purpose to his films , Gosha teamed up with Shintaro Katsu ( of Zatoichi fame ) to produce this scathing indictment of mindless nationalist loyalty . " Tenchu " ( heavenly judgment ) is the word that the loyalists to the emperor yell while assassinating enemies or " traitors " to the cause . Katsu plays up his character ' simple minded allegiance to a manipulative politician all in the name of patriotic pride . Anybody who questions the politician is labeled a " traitor " and becomes an assassination target . One of the best photographed films ever , many shots are incredible compositions of form , color and light . The fight scenes are frequent and very bloody and brutal . The blood becomes a part of the color palette Gosha uses for his images . Gorgeous and disturbing . While the personal story is simple to follow , the historical background is complicated and while a basic history lesson for this time in Japan would be very helpful you can struggle through the film without it . The few drawbacks to the film are the music track , the length and Katsu 's occasional scenery chewing . He has a drunken scene that 's way over the top for a film but actually a very accurate depiction of a drunk . Downbeat but one of the great chambara films .
0	I loved the Batman tv series and was really looking forward to this . But they tried to do too much . Why they had the story of Adam West and Burt Ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me . I don 't want to knock Burt or Adam for the way they look now ... It 's been 35 years since they appeared at Batman and Robin , but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting ' badguys ' was kinda sad . I would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary . The batmobile side story was stupid . As for the flashback movie , I think it was too short and left out way too much . It was really just a quick overview in my opinion . I 'd like more background . They showed the Penguin and Joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff I already knew . The Joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker . That was it on those 2 . I 'd love to read the book . I am sure it has more in it that this showed . Like why was there 2 Riddlers or why 3 Catwoman 's or 3 Mister Freezes . Where was Commishioner Gordon , Cheif OHara , Alfred , Mister Freeze , King Tut , etc. the List goes on . Like I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it . Very disappointing . And really corny .
0	Exceedingly complicated and drab . I 'm a bright guy , but this was just too much for a tired brain . It would really benefit from a few early clues as to who these people are and what they are doing . Probably better for the US market . GC himself hinted that this alone did not supply his Oscar and you can see why . Still the sand dunes are pretty . The nail pulling is nasty . The attorneys drunk dad is a mystery . The cricket is good to see . Very difficult to write the required ten lines on this , despite it being over 2 hours long . Thank heavens they shortened it . Admittedly we don 't get to the pictures much , but the last film we saw , Walk the Line , was 10 times better and I don 't really like Johnny Cash . My wife says George still looks good with the beard and a few extra pounds so there 's that ... am I nearly there yet ? How about now
0	If Todd Sheets were to come out and admit that this movie was intended to spoof the zombie genre , I would change my rating to an eight . Try to imagine a movie where every scene , line , and even every acting nuance was designed to be a parody . I could probably crap out alphabet soup , rearrange what was left of the letters , and still have a better script . Two scenes in particular come to mind when I think of this movie . SPOILER ALERT ! One is when Mike 's dad and the other dad walk , I repeat walk down a staircase jam packed with zombies . This is a small staircase and even though they brush up against the flailing undead , nothing happens to them . When they reach the end , the ex-marine turns around , says " God you 're a horny bastard " , and shoots only one . The other is in the military complex . The girl stabs a zombie with a machete and is immediately surrounded . The camera moves around her for roughly forty seconds , while she is surrounded by zombies at an arm 's length away . She then almost casually runs out from the crowd and joins the other humans . SPOILER ALERT OVER ! These scenes must be seen to be believed . Still , I enjoy this movie as much as almost any comedy just because it 's so damn funny . Kudos to Todd Sheets for getting so many people in his movie and having the drive to make it but not really for anything else .
1	I can 't say whether the post-WWII British comedies produced at the Ealing Studios are an acquired taste or not , but I am completely addicted , and The Man in the White Suit is one of the best . No need to go into the well-known plot about the threat posed to both the textile industry and the textile unions by an indestructible , dirt-resistant fiber . Suffice it to say that the slings and arrows suffered by the naively idealistic Sidney Stratton in pursuing his polymer vision make for a comedic delight . Many of the well-known faces from the world of British character actors - the nervous Cecil Parker , the suavely devious Michael Gough , and the bluntly ruthless Ernest Thesinger - put in wonderful performances . Guinness - as always and forever - is superb , and Joan Greenwood is delectable as Daphne ( just the way she enunciates the word " Daddy " , makes the entire movie worth seeing ) . " Knudsen ! ! ! ! ! ! ! "
0	Stupid , mindless drivel about a jet assembled within hours by mechanics who have never worked on airplanes ( piloted by Burgess Meredith ) chasing a Porsche race car which runs on decades-old gasoline sludge , driven by Lee Majors , with Chris Makepeace as the runaway techno-wiz who can McGyver spare parts into a radio receiver which can pick up all frequencies simultaneously , and who somehow learned how to acquire and use chemicals to make high explosives in a perfectly peaceful society . As moronic as it sounds . Terrible waste of Burgess Meredith , but Chris Makepeace may at least be forgiven on the grounds that this was only his second film .
1	This movie is really nerve racking Cliffhangin movie ! Stallone was good as always ! Michael Rooker put on a surprising performance and John Lithgow play a excellent villain ! The music is fantastic especially the theme ! The movie is action packed and never dull ! If you are a Stallone fan then watch Cliffhanger , you won 't be disappointed !
0	Wow . Who ever said that Edward D. Wood Jr. never influenced anybody ? This steaming pile of donkey excrement is a perfect case in point ; it makes " The Violent Years " look like " Casablanca " ! " Santa Claus " also makes Keith Richards ' worst flashbacks look like my first nocturnal emission . I 've had nightmares , you know , waking up and sweating bullets , that will never come close to the visceral terror that Santa Claus unearthed from the seemingly pure soil of my very being . However , I can think of some parties where this film might actually go over well . Also , if you 're looking for the perfect example of a Santa-Satan dichotomy on VHS tape , look no further . Don 't check out this movie , as I 've been notified the MST3K version is now available . Move over Satan , here 's " Santa Claus " .
1	Never when I was a child did I love any movie more then this one . I would love to own it . I watched it every Sunday they played it on the Family Film Festival . It is an enjoyable film suitable for the whole family and the songs are wonderful .
1	* * * * * * WARNING : MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS * * * * * * * * * * * * * * So who are these " Mystery Men ? " Simply put , the Mystery Men are a group of sub-Heroes desperately trying to live out their adolescent fantasy lives while botching both their real identities and their super identities . The Shoveller ( Bill Macy ) works construction during the day , and at night , leaves his wife and kids at home while he cruises the street looking for crimes to tackle with his extraordinary and unique Shovel-fighting style . The Blue Raja ( Hank Azaria ) sells silverware to newlyweds by day and flings tableware at crackpot villians by night , if his mom isn 't keeping him busy with the latest snooping . Mr. Furious works in a junk yard to earn his pay , then takes out his frustration on his friends at night , tossing ill-conceived one-liners at friend and foe alike and threatening to get really angry ( leaving everyone to wonder , So What ? ) . Ben Stiller breathes such life into this character , you can 't help but love him . These three spend their nights trying to capture that ' moment of glory ' they 've dreamed about ... becoming real Super Heroes . Obviously , it could happen . Champion City has Captain Amazing , after all ... a flying , fighting super-cop with enough corporate logos on his costume to stop an extra bullet or two . Greg Kinnear turns in a stellar performance as a middle-aged sellout trying to recapture his fans attention in the twilight of his career . To bring back that ' extra magic ' that might win the endorsements again , C.A. frees Casanova Frankenstein , a WAAAAAY over-the-top menace played to chilling perfection by Goeffrey Rush . This lunatic genius has created a ' psychofrakulator ' to warp Champion City into a reflection of his own insanities ... and ends up capturing C.A. within hours of his release from prison . This leaves only the Mystery Men to stop Frankenstein 's evil plan , but with such henchmen as the Disco Boys protecting Frankenstein , the trio are going to need a little help . Recruiting commences , and after a painful recruitment party , the team settles in with The Bowler ( Janeane Garofolo ) , who initially has the only real talent in the team , with her mystic bowling ball seemingly animated by the vengeful spirit of her dead father ; the Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell ) , who CLAIMS to turn invisible when ABSOLUTELY NO ONE is looking at him ; the Spleen ( Paul Reubens ) , granted mystically powerful flatulence by an angry gypsy ; and the much underused Sphinx ( Wes Studi ) , who is shown to be able to cut guns in half with his mind , then spends much of the rest of the movie spouting inane riddles and acting over-wise . This film really is a cross-genre romp . Anyone wanting to pigeon-hole films into neat little categories is fighting a losing battle . This is a spoof / parody of the superhero genre - from the pseudo-Burton sets recycled endlessly ( and occasionally decorated with more spoof material ) to the ridiculous costumes , the comic-book genre gets a pretty good send-up . But at the same time , it is a serious superhero flick , as well . Both at once . While not a necessarily unique idea in itself ( for example , this movie is in some ways reflective of D.C. Comic 's short-lived Inferior Five work ) , it is fairly innovative for the big screen . It offers the comic-book world that requires a suspension of disbelief to accept anyway , then throws in the inevitable wanna-bes - and we all know , if superheroes were real , so would these guys be real . If the Big Guy with the S were flying around New York City , you 'd see a half-dozen news reports about idiots in underwear getting their butts kicked on a regular basis . Sure , the Shoveller fights pretty well , and the Blue Raja hurls forks with great accuracy - all parts of the super-hero world . But does that make them genuine super-heroes ? Only in their minds . This movie is also a comedy , albeit a dark one . Inevitable , when trying to point out the patent ridiculous nature of super-heroics . One-liners fly as the comic geniuses on stage throw out numerous bits to play off of . Particularly marvelous is the dialogue by Janeane Garofalo with her bowling ball / father . Yet , it isn 't a comedy in the sense of side-splitting laughter or eternally memorable jokes . It mixes in a dose of drama , of discovery and of romance , but never really ventures fully into any of it . What really makes Mystery Men a good film , in the end , is that it is very engaging . The weak / lame good guys are eventually justified and , for one shining moment , really become super-heroes ; justice is served ; and the movie ends with a scene that reeks of realism ( as much realism as is possible in a world where bowling balls fly and glasses make the perfect disguise ) . If the viewer stops trying to label the film , then the film can be a great romp . Of course , no movie is perfect . Claire Forlani comes off as bored and directionless as Mr. Furious ' love interest , in spite of having a pivotal role as his conscience . Tom Waits seems somehow confused by his own lines as the mad inventor Dr. Heller , although his opening scenes picking up retired ladies in the nursing home is worth watching alone . And the villians are never more than gun-toting lackeys ( a point of which is made in the film ) . The cinematography is choppy and disjointed ( such as happens in the average comic book , so it is excusable ) , the music sometimes overpowers the scenery , and the special effects are never quite integrated into the rest very well . Yet , overall , this film is incredible . You probably have to be a fan of comics and the superhero genre to really appreciate this movie , but it 's a fun romp and a good way to kill a couple of hours and let your brain rest . 8 / 10 in my opinion .
0	This is the kind of movie you regret you put in your VCR . It is some weird bad rip off version of Stephen kings movie " Misery ( 1990 ) " . I cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score , because it has no story what so ever , and when the movie finally ended , I was relieved . This movie should have been released as a short-movie instead .. to much time is spent on the same thing . And as in every bad movie , everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span ... So , before you decide to watch this movie , be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control , because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding ... don 't worry , you wont miss anything important .
0	Joyce Reynolds seems a might grown-up for the role of Janie , a boy-crazy sixteen-year old in small town America who ditches her steady guy for a visiting soldier AND winds up on the cover of Life magazine ( smooching at a blanket party ) all in the same week ! Non-stop barrage of wisecracks , put-downs , bull talk , and unfunny bits of business such as Janie 's little sister bribing family members , Hattie McDaniel ( as the maid ) constantly scuttling after sassy kid sis , Janie 's mother involved with the Red Cross , and Janie 's father trying to write an editorial on the problems with today 's teenagers ( as the parents , stuffy , sexless Edward Arnold and pert , chatty Ann Harding make an unlikely couple , even for 1944 ; he looks incapable of helping to conceive a child much less raising two of them ) . Nominated for an Academy Award ( ! ) for Owen Marks ' editing , Warner Bros. followed this in 1946 with " Janie Gets Married " . Reynolds must have outgrown her co-horts by then--she was replaced by Joan Leslie . * 1 / 2 from * * * *
1	This is a really old fashion charming movie . The locations are great and the situation is one of those old time Preston sturgess movies . Fi you want to watch a movie that doesn 't demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it . The acting is good , and I really liked Michael Rispoli . He was in Rounders , too . And While You Were Sleeping . The rest of the cast is fun . It 's just what happens when two people about to get married meet the one that they really love on the weekend that they are planning their own weddings . I know ... sounds kooky ... but it is . And that 's what makes it fun to watch . It will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you , but at least you 'll know .
1	No , this isn 't a sequel to the fabulous OVA series , but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of Ghim ( and the disappearance of Woodchuck ) . It is also more accurate to the novels that inspired this wonderful series , which is why characters ( namely Orson and Shiris ) are reintroduced , and why the story may seem slightly different to those used to the OVA . ( The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions , as do various online sites . ) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fateful battle at Demon Dragon Mountain . The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark , a blue-haired knight wannabe who identifies with Parn , and his ragtag team of misfits as they attempt to stop the Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer . While it isn 't quite the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR ( we all love the finale where Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard , don 't we ? ) , this TV follow-up is still great fun for fantasy fans . Even if the animation is limited ( and a step down from the artistic streak of the first LODOSS ) , this 27-part series has its elements of appeal . The fully-realized characters , engaging storyline , magic , romance , and a superb soundtrack scored by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL , all give this uneven spin-off some punch . While the OVA dub of LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another , I generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs . So I had significant hopes for the dub for CHRONICLES , made in 1999-2000 . For the most part , the LODOSS TV English track is of passable ( if not stellar ) quality ; it does , however , have its share of problems . Much of the original cast who lent their English voices to the characters of LODOSS return ( including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit ! ) , which is a nice bonus . On the other hand , Billy Regan 's more mature sounding Parn is a bit offputting . He doesn 't do a bad job , but his voice came across as grating for the first eight episodes ( causing some anti-dub fans to instantly diss the dub ) , but by the time Spark and company take the stage , I found it less bothersome . ( I don 't know if it 's because he improved or if it just grew on me . ) Also , not everyone from the OAV dub returns . Jayce Reeves only voices Wagnard ( terrifically ) for one episode ; he 's replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show , who gives a scratchy , but still malevolent turn ( as well as the expected evil laughter ) . Anthony Cruise 's Kashue , on the other hand , is too weary and takes about five or so episodes to find his stride . Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson , especially during his final dramatic scenes . Aside from Lisa Ortiz ( Deedlit ) , Karen Smith ( Shiris ) , John Knox ( Ashram ) , and Al Muscari ( Slayn ) , the dub 's best voices come from some of the newer characters , including Crispin Freeman ( Spark , Maar , Garrack -episodes 16-27- ) , Roxanne Beck ( Little Neese ) , Meg Frances ( who voices Pirotess in the OAV but also voices Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as Karla ) and especially Angora Deb ( who steals every scene she 's in as Leaf the Half-Elf ) . The rest of the cast isn 't terrible by any means , but a little more uneven than the OAV dub . Some are all right ( Aldonova , Greevus ) while others are lackluster ( Hobb , palace guards , dragons , etc . ) and few were awful ( in particular , Prince Reona 's VA is too harsh and monotone for a fighter of justice ) . In fact the lack of aural continuity ( some cast members get new voices for some unexplained reason by the time we get to some of the later episodes ) is one of the problems of the dub . Others include less memorable and more awkward sounding dialogue , uneven synchronization , and finally ( I apologize in advance to the fans of this ) the LODOSS ISLAND segments . These offbeat , super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either amuse or drive you batty . Admittingly , I at first found them to be a major nuisance , but they sorta grew on me after a while . ( Besides , there are some showstoppingly hilarious lines such as " I 'm King Kashue , and this is my CASHEW ! I 'm REALLY quite a nut ! " ) These flaws rank the dub for CHRONICLES just a notch just below that for the OVA , resulting in an uneven English track summed up best as " OK " . If one wonders if the Japanese language track is the preferred listening choice , well , guess what ? The Japanese version has its good and bad points , too . While some voices are less annoying than the English language track , I found others to be less appealing than the English equivalents ( in particular , the actress who does Deedlit is nowhere nearly as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma ) . Plus , I should mention that the Japanese cast is NOT THE SAME AS THE OVA . Because the series was made seven years after the original , all but one ( Sho Hayami ) of the cast members are replaced by new ones . Although they do a respectably good job , it may be a major annoyance for those who were used to the Japanese OVA cast . Shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English , eh ? Despite its flaws , CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a fine series which deserves to hold its own ground . Its not without its rough spots and doesn 't always live up to its predecessor , yet there 's enough good points to counter the bad , making this a moderately enjoyable fantasy Anime .
1	I loved this movie ! It 's truly bizarre , extremely funny , morbid , witty ... It makes no sense to tell about the contents of the movie , because then I 'd be giving out the outcome ! You have to see it without knowing what is it about ! Everything is connected and has its why & because . It starts subtly and then the things start rolling faster and faster until they culminate in the most insane outburst you can imagine ! It 's even more fun to watch the movie the second time , once you know all the " tricks " . The actors are excellent , especially Ivan Trojan , whose final scenes are a real master piece ! I highly recommend this film , it 's one of the most original ones I 've ever seen !
1	Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that takes us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel . For anyone who 's ever been in love , the film brings back the uncertainties , the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet . The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to intensify the feeling . Instantly , you are drawn in to Dan 's plight , and you can 't fail to be deeply moved . You can 't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan 's desperate , snatched relationship with Iris , and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently watchable . If you have an ounce of passion , and have ever been in love , see this film .
0	First off , anyone who thinks this sequel to William Friedkin 's " The French Connection " , is superior is most definitely completely insane or moronic or both . The problem with reviewing this film is that , a . ) it 's a sequel to a brilliant movie , which always makes watching it objectively difficult , and b . ) it 's directed by John Frankenhimer , one of the best American directors ever , so I wanted to like it . William Friendkin was the perfect person to direct a film about drug traffic in decaying new York city , because of his documentary-like approach to the action and story , Frankenhimer on the other hand is one of the most stylish directors ever , i.e. " The Manchurian Candidate " and " Seconds " , and with his " French Connection 2 " it feels like someone trying to be gritty and not having the true understanding to pull it off . That fact that Frankenhimer was chosen to direct the sequel by Gene Hackman himself really tells a lot about Hackman 's understanding about the original film too . It 's well known Hackman hated Friedkin on the set and vowed to never work with him again , it 's also known he envisioned the character to be more one dimensional , loosing weight and trying to play him like a straight character. it shows you Hackman , despite being a great actor , had no idea who to make the movie and the story great . The plot point of Doyle becoming an addict is interesting , but doesn 't warrant the rest of the film . An unfortunate low point in Frankenhimer 's filmography .
1	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties . It is about passion and feelings , about Russian soul , and very romantic . This movie IS NOT action packed , it flowes slowely . In second part one can find great songs - Russian romances . It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago . The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example .
1	This is simply the most astonishing movie you will ever see . I thought it was just another documentary , but it really is something else . It doesn 't try to teach you anything , it shows you how life works in nature . I won 't talk about the quality of the pictures , because you obviously know from other comments it is unmatched . Earth is funny , tense and sad . It can make you laugh , it can make you cry . Sometimes both at the same time . This is the first movie that made me cry , not because you feel sorry for the animals , but because you come to realise how fragile our planet is and what treasure we were blessed with , yet we don 't appreciate it one bit . This movie should be shown obligatory in schools . It is the most wonderful film you will ever see , so go and see it . Who knows , maybe it is the last time we might see our planet like this ... 10 / 10 , but I would easily rate it more if it were possible .
0	This is the kind of movie which shows the paucity of French cinema when it comes to making thrillers.The director 's desire to " sound American " is so glaring that you will not be fooled a minute , unless you have not seen a serial killer movie since " Peeping Tom " . Two male cops ( or one and a half , more like , as you will see ) , horrible murders , a plot more complicated than complex.Charles Berling is not lucky with the genre ( see the astoundlingly dumb " l 'inconnu de Strasbourg " a couple of years ago ) .The scenes with his pregnant wife -which are supposed to be a counterpart for the otherwise noir atmosphere of the rest of the plot-are among the worst ever filmed.Add a steamy love scene between them and a gory autopsy to get a PG 12 and thus to attract the huge adolescent audience.A violent and absurd conclusion , followed by a silent epilogue who could make a nice commercial for the cte d 'azur , it 's really the silence of the lame .
1	What a great gem this is . It 's an unusual story that is fun to watch . Yes , it has singing , but it is very nicely crafted into the story and is very melodic to hear . It was so pleasant to watch ; I enjoyed it from start to finish ! The movie takes place in England during World War II . It is about an apprentice witch who is searching for a missing portion of a spell that she needs . She uses her rough " magic " to transport her and 3 children under her care to various destinations to find it . They are joined by her correspondence teacher , who is surprised to learn that the lessons from his school actually work ! Although the special effects may seem a little dated at first , once you get used to them they become part of the charm of this movie . In fact , the movie won an Oscar for these effects ! The movie is innocent and fun - and it 's hard not to like the tuneful songs . The characters are wonderfully interesting to watch . I think anyone at any age could find something to like about this movie .
0	ok. for starters , taxi driver is amazing. this , this is not taxi driver or amazing. what it is is bad. but i thought it was bad funny , which means that it did have some redeeming qualities. like the dialogue ... wow. there was more or less no plot , the characters were all stupid , and the movie was preachy. there were some places were i thought the movie would dive into taxi driver type violence , which would have hit the message at the end of the movie on the head much harder. i can 't even believe that there are like 20 other people who have seen this movie. yeah , it 's worth watching if you are real bored and you want to reaffirm the fact that anyone can make a movie , or at least can try to .
0	The dubbing / translation in this movie is downright hilarious and provides the only entertainment in this otherwise dull and derivative zombie flick . I haven 't laughed so hard in my life as I just did watching Zombi 3 ( and I 've seen some really bad dubbing in my life , believe me ) . Seriously , the filmmakers could re-edit this movie and release it as a comedy and make millions of dollars . It 's just that funny . But ... If falling off your couch laughing at the dubbing in a Fulci zombie movie isn 't your cup of tea , then AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS .
1	Darius Goes West is an amazing documentary about a teenager ( Weems ) with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy , and his 11 friends who take him on a cross-country trip to see if " Pimp My Ride " will pimp out his wheelchair . I recently watched this movie at the Sunscreen Film Festival . It played twice over the course of the festival . This movie is an amazing story about the human spirit , and the spirit of Weem 's friends . I do not say this often about movies , but after watching this movie , I feel moved to do something towards the cause . Every festival this movie has taken part in , this movie has won an award of some kind . It is in the Tribeca Film Festival , and it is going to London and Athens , Greece . I would not be surprised if this movie went all the way to the Academy Awards . It is snowballing out of control . If anyone has a chance to see this movie , wherever it is playing , go ! Take as many people as possible , and go ! It is heading to New Orleans for a film festival , then on to Atlanta and Palm Beach , FL . Darius is from Georgia , so I expect the tickets for the Atlanta showing will be sold out quickly , if they are not already . Please , go see this movie ! DGW ( talk about it ) -Kish
0	This has to be , by far , the absolute worst movie I have seen in the last 20 years . When I saw that Michael Madsen was in it I figured it couldn 't be too bad a movie since he has been in some pretty decent films , and he was a pretty fair actor . WRONG ! No one should waste their time on this film . I fast forwarded through 80 percent of it and I don 't feel that I missed a thing .
1	Babyface - Notorious Barbara Stanwyck flick where she is told by the local professor type that she has power- he tries to get her to read Nietzche- she says books ain 't never done her no good.Soon we find out her father is basically pimping her out to a local politico and others.Finally she has had enough and relocates to the big city.We follow her trail of men up the ladder of success in an international bank.The dialogue is quite saucy for it 's time and it was one the last films to come out before the self inflicted Hollywood production code.Look for a cameo by a young John Wayne as one of Stanwyck 's willing victims.Part of the Forbidden Hollywood collection - I watched the extended version- the DVD has both versions plus Red-Headed Woman and Waterloo Bridge.An interesting movie and foreshadowing for future femme fatale roles that Stanwyck would play in the era of film noir . B +
1	Don 't know if this contains any spoilers or not , but I don 't want to risk being blacklisted until the year 3462 . I disagree entirely with the viewer comments that have described * Guns , Germs and Steel * as " politically correct " and " neo-Marxist . " They cannot have watched the same series that * I * did . The series * I * watched depicted the history of European colonisation in the Americas and southern Africa with no particular inaccuracies . I saw nothing in the series that portrayed Europeans as bad people who happened to be lucky , though Europeans often * were * lucky - and there 's nothing wrong with luck . Neither did I see native peoples portrayed as poor little innocent things . If anything , the Inca was rather arrogant - as you would expect any leader would be when dealing with foreigners , if his country has not been conquered in living memory by any other world power . I certainly saw nothing that could be construed as Marxist or Neo-Marxist , except by the most incredibly elastic of imaginations . Otherwise , many African peoples * do * have a built-in immunity to malaria and other tropical diseases that Europeans lack . At the time they were at the height of their successes , the Aztec , Maya and Inca civilisations * were * as advanced as any other in the world - and as wealthy ; sometimes more so . Aboriginal American and Khoi-San populations * were * decimated by smallpox and other diseases introduced by Europeans ; just as European colonists were decimated by tropical diseases like malaria . ( NOTE : The Khoi-San peoples are completely different from all other sub-Saharan African peoples . ) So , I don 't see what some of the other commentators are complaining about . The only thing * I * can find to complain about is that the series doesn 't tell me anything I did not know by the time I finished seventh grade . There 's really nothing new in the way of historical information in this film . It does , however , present some nice dramatisations of events , such as the conquest of the Incas ; the production values are very high ; and it fills in a few holes here and there that didn 't get covered in Mrs. Gruber 's Sixth Hour Social Studies Class at Milan Middle School . If you rent or buy this , assuming you had a decent primary and / or secondary school education , you won 't learn anything new , but you will have an enjoyable and entertaining time reviewing what you already learned ( or should have learned ) by the time you hit high school .
1	I found ' Still Crazy ' to be marvelously entertaining , and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late ' 60s , early ' 70s rock . My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD ( don 't worry , it 's only been three times ) and she loves it too . It is a truly loving , poignant and hilarious nod to the era , and every actor hits his / her notes with perfection . It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am glad his somewhat similar turn in ' Love Actually ' brought him more attention . Bruce Robinson was incredible as Brian , bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype . It was interesting to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer . I live in Sherman Oaks , California , and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall ( he lived here at the time ) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time . He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time . We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that . Why mess with the original ? My only problem with ' Still Crazy ' is that it wasn 't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience .
0	I 've come to realise from watching Euro horror , especially films made by cult luminary Jess Franco , that you can 't expect a plot that makes much sense . However , Franco has gone overboard with this film ; and despite a surreal atmosphere , and the film 's reputation as one of the director 's best - Succubus is unfortunately is a truly awful film . I 've got to admit that I saw the American cut version , which runs at about 76 minutes ; but unless it was just the logic that was cut , I 'm sure the longer European version is just as boring . The plot has something to do with a woman marauding around ; practicing S & M and talking rubbish , and it 's all really boring . There 's no gore and the sex is dull , and most of the runtime is taken up by boring dialogue and despite the fact that this is a short film ; I had difficulty making it all the way to the end . I have to say that the locations look good and Franco has done a good job of using his surreal atmosphere ; but the positive elements end there . Jess Franco is definitely a talented director that has made some classic trash films - but this looks like it was one he made for the money , and overall I recommend skipping it and seeing some of the director 's more interesting works .
1	Although this was not without its faults , this drama was a fitting one to be shown around Easter time . It reminded us of our spiritual selves and showed that behind our facades , we often hide our deepest sufferings and experiences . There was so much to enjoy in the drama , not least the rapping teenagers who provided a better musical accompaniment to the drama than the rather poor sound score in the background . The acting was excellent and Timothy Spall was once again superb . The climax was very satisfying , if rather simplistic . Timothy Spall 's " letting go " of his long-dead wife 's suicide was credible and mirrored well the feelings of despair that were present in the teenage girl who self-harmed . The resolution between the graffiti boy and the Muslim was gratifying but less believable . A wonderful drama which left myself and my husband felling that the evening had been well spent . Congratulations !
0	I found this movie to be a great idea , that didn 't deliver . It seems they found a way to build suspense , but couldn 't stage their payoffs very well . In one case the police , are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers . They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record . At the same time , the kidnapped man ( Mason ) escapes through the elevator shaft . After all the build up , the police arrive at the same time he gets free , which is very anti-climatic to say the least . There are also large narration scenes that take us " inside the thinking " of the terrorized husband and wife , which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it . We are fully aware of their tension , and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear , as Hitchcock proved time and again , is far more effective . The greatest disappointment , is to sit through the whole movie , and the get the quick , rather bland ending . I mean it just ... " ends " in a snore .
1	This German documentary , in English , is about a Scottish environmental sculptor named Andy Goldsworthy . He makes art from objects he finds in nature . For example , early in the film we see him taking sections of icicles and " gluing " them together with a little moisture into a serpentine shape that seems to repeatedly go through a vertical rock . Of course , the icicles melt , but that transience is a part of most of Goldsworthy 's work . He goes to a site and gets a feeling for it , deciding intuitively what to make that day . He talks of having a " dialog " with the rocks and other materials that he works with , attempting to work * with * rather than against them . It might be stones , or flowers , or leaves , or sticks . The sculpture might last for minutes or years , or might not even last long enough to be completed and photographed . The work seems to be more of a process than a goal . The film , and the work , is beautiful , inspiring , and thought provoking . It moves pretty slowly , which is appropriate for the material , but you should be sure to go when you have had a good night 's sleep . But do go if you have the opportunity . Search the web for some other pages about Andy Goldsworthy or to read about his local sculpture at Stanford University . There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures . My thoughts : Skip reading this part if you want to find what this film means to you completely independently . I recall a couple of ideas that occurred to me while watching the film which I thought I would share for those of you still reading . First , the transitory nature of much of Andy Goldsworthy 's work reminded me of the natural ebb and flow of human life . We 're born , we live , and eventually we die . That 's natural , and that 's also naturally a part of Goldsworthy 's art . The other thought was to be awestruck with the way that Goldsworthy has managed to integrate his passion and his work so thoroughly into his life . Most of us have work which is tolerated at best , a life which we hardly notice living , and passions which we really mean to spend more time on , if we even remember what they are . Andy Goldsworthy has managed to create an amalgam of all of these aspects of his life that looks like it works very well , and is nourishing for him and those around him . Wow . Seen on 8 / 28 / 2002 .
1	This cute animated short features two comic icons - Betty Boop and Henry . Henry is the bald , slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks . Well here he does speak ! He wants to get a puppy from Betty Boop 's pet store , and when he is left to mind the store - some hilarious hijinks ensue . Betty sings a song about pets , Henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey , but everything works out in the end .
0	The story line was very straight forward and easy to follow and contained a lot of no-brainer comedy to a point where it just got boring . Some of the audience seemed to find it funny but I like more intelligent humor . There were several known Swedish actors in the movie and their performance were decent considering the script . Lena Endre was good looking as always . I don 't remember the original movie so I can 't say if it 's better or worse . If you enjoy movies like Sllskapsresan this movie might be worth taking a look at .
0	They made me watch this in school and it was terrible . The movie is outdated . The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors , but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often . Also , very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched . I don 't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them . Though , it was written to be educational , funny , suspenseful , and hip , It ended up being boring , dry , far-fetched , and old . I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it .
1	Over-powered mobile suits that can annihilate entire armies - Check ! Weapons that hardly need to be aimed and still annihilate everything - Check ! Mobile suits based on angels - Check ! OK - its a Gundam series . This one , Gundam Wing , has good character development , real-world complexity , interesting ideas and some pretty eye-candy . With characters , the initially weak Relena Dorlan ( later Peacecraft , then back to Dorlan ) gets stronger and more independent ( although is still absolutely besotted with Heero Yuy , the series main character ) . The aforementioned Heero , initially a cold , hard butcherer , becomes more and more human , while still remaining in-character . And seeing the lost Millardo Peacecraft ( whos nomm de guerre is Zechs Marquise ) float between OZ , freelance , and command of White Fang shows how some people can really lose themselves in their own creations . The complexity of the political and military situation is also quite good - reflecting how the real world works . However , in 49 half-hour episodes , it does become a bit of a liability in that this complexity isn 't used to its full potential . The ideas at the core of the series - the necessity of fighting , the desire for peace , etc - are ones that resonate even today . In retrospect , the series was ahead of its time , what with the " War on Terrorism " and all . But its exploration of these ideas , the monologues , especially those of Treize Kushrenada , is an incredible dramatic piece , forming some of the best writing in the series . But that sometimes good writing is also sometimes extremely poor , which dramatically causes it to lose some of its edge . In terms of eye-candy , which is what this one has in bucketloads , everything from the mobile suits to the battleship Libra ( No not the tampons you idiot ! ) is wells designed , and explodes in big balls of orange ( which is bad , because better animation would 've had better explosions ) . But who cares ? ! Stuff explodes , and thats all that matters . In short though , the sheer complexity of the series means that if you miss out on a few episodes , you 've missed out on a lot . The poor writing can leave you cringing , and sometimes the animation makes you go " WTF ? ! ? ! " But this is made up for in its classic animation style , its scale , sparks of incredible dialogue , and its more mature exploration that one expects of such Japenese animations .
0	I saw this film in my cinema class . I am glad that I did not pay to see it . I came into it with an open mind , and was even a little excited . I really enjoy Ed Norton and Evan Rachel Wood , and the rest of the cast was interesting . I just never connected with this movie . The acting was great , the cinematography was interesting , but the storyline , or rather , lack thereof , was a problem . There was no central , connecting theme to the movie . Was it a romance between Norton and Wood ? Well , no , not really . Was it a western ? Kind of , but no . I 'm all for twists in movies , I recently saw " Brick " and loved it , but the place that this movie went was just too out there . It was so weird , and if I weren 't required to have sat through the whole film , I would have walked out . The writing wasn 't terrible , but it was just all over the place . By the time this movie ended , I was just left terribly confused and wishing that it had ended sooner . There was just something about this film that didn 't resonate , I understand more offbeat films like " Fight Club " , but I just did not care about the characters at all .
1	This film is as good as it is difficult to find . The film 's hero ( and writer and director ) is Simon Geist- a man " with an agenda . " He creates a fake magazine just to have the authority to interview the swine of Los Angeles- the actors , the models , the musicians- who believe that their own defecation doesn 't smell . With clever dialog , Zucovic succeeds in doing this . Sure , the budget for this film was probably what he paid for a used car , but this film is so solid and so well written that it works very well . Any person who can reenact Edward Munk 's ' The Scream ' in the reflection of a silver trashbin at a local coffee house should be nominated for some type of award . Give this film a chance and listen to what it says ... because they HAVE been making the same car since 1986 ... it 's called ' the car . ' Bravo , Zucovic , bravo !
1	Red Rock West is a perfect example of how good a film can be with practically no budget . All you need is a smart script , good actors and loads of atmosphere . RRW delivers all these and more . Nic Cage plays an ex-marine , injured in Lebanon , who is down to his last 5 dollars after being refused a job on an oilfield because of his bad knee . He roles into Red Rock and is mistaken by bartender Wayne ( JT Walsh , not quite as his most menacing-but still evil ) for a hit-man from Texas . He pays him to kill his wife and make it look like burglary . Only when he gets there , just to check her out . She offers him double to kill Wayne . Cage just wants to get the hell out of town with his free money and leave the sparring lovers be . But a series of mishaps and setbacks results in him yo-yoing in and out of Red Rock , back and forth . Eventually this leads to a run-in with Lyle from Dallas ( a cheeky and somehow sympathetic Dennis Hopper ) , the REAL hit-man from Texas who offers to help without knowing he 's making the plot more complicated . RRW never had a big release , thus most of it 's audience discovered it on video or on cable TV showings . Viewing it in such a way might make it seem like a TV movie but it 's bigger than that . The slick , slowly-timed direction , moody score and howling desert wind would have all made for a great movie in theatres but the best you can do these days is watch the DVD on a big HDTV . The only weak point of the movie I can think of is Lara Flynn Boyle 's boring femme fatale with the nasty dyke-ish hairdo . I certainly wouldn 't fall for her but if you assume that Nic Cage 's character is in to militant lesbians then you 'll accept it nonetheless .
0	I hated this crap , every Friday as part of tgif it was on , and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week . If you want to see something funny go watch " No On Would Tell " Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage , it really is hilarious , shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show . This show really makes me sick , I hate those kids , and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest . I 've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here . I AHet writing 10 lines ! Watch ' full house ' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment .
0	It 's not like I have overwhelmingly fond memories of Verhoeven 's original pants-down shocker - it always struck me as a glossy , well-made airport-novel-of-a-movie . Thrilling , sexy trash , but trash nonetheless . It was also a film that tapped into a certain sexual zeitgeist . After a decade of anti-sex AIDS-induced hysteria , a film about a wildly-sexual hotbod who thrill-kills to heighten her sexual pleasure was pretty enticing stuff . Basic Instinct 2 was always going to struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy , so the fact that it 's desperate attempts at raunchiness are so lame can sort-of be overlooked . All it really had to provide was that thin veneer of titillation and a mildly engaging story and all would have been watchable . That it resoundingly fails on so many levels , and in such a way to be a career nadir for everyone involved , is really quite extraordinary to watch . Let 's state the obvious for starters - Sharon Stone is too old for the part of sexual magnet Catherine Trammell . What was so photogenic thru Verhoeven 's lens looks like mutton dressed as lamb in the hands of gun-for-hire Michael Caton-Jones , who 's flat , drab colours and static camera render her undeniable beauty totally moot . I like Sharon Stone a lot , but if the first film launched her career , BI2 could kill it . She has no chemistry with stuffed-shirt David Morrissey - their only sex scene is embarrassing too watch . His dough-faced mamma 's boy of a character made me yearn for the swaggering , orange-skin machismo of Michael Douglas . Supporting turns by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these fine actors on talky exposition scenes and clich-heavy posturing . And what of the much-touted sexual shenanigans ? Poorly-lit , fleetingly-glimpsed , as utterly mainstream as an episode of Desperate Housewives - the European sensibilities that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film are sorely missed . Don 't watch this film for carnal thrills - there are none and what there is is tragic . The film is , as a whole , convoluted to the point of utter confusion , boring and laughable . The last 40 minutes in particular , where you come to the realisation that the film is , in fact , not going to go anywhere of interest at all , are particularly gruelling and hilarious in equal measure . As a failed sequel , Basic Instinct 2 will come to occupy similar cinematic ground as Exorcist 2 The Heretic , Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2 . As a vanity project , it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misconception . As a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood film-making , it 's a travesty that will be hard to top as the years worst .
1	Overall the film is OK . I think it 's better than Sepet and much better than Gubra in term of its story , its sentimental value . There are a few scenes that makes me touched . Yes I agree that the boy ( Mukhsin ) did his acting very good . Brilliant . I can say that his acting is almost natural . However , the song ' Ne Me Quitte Pas ' by Nina Simone really " ' menaikkan ' my ' bulu ' ' roma ' " . I love the song . Both the song . " Ne Me Quitte Pas " and " Hujan " . I just downloaded the song . Beautiful . And salute to Yasmin . The movie 's ending credit makes me touched again . We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way . I think the movie deserves that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival . I give 8.5 out of 1o stars .
1	First off , I didn 't know what to expect when I started the video . Anytime someone brings back a cult type movie genre and adapts it into the present , something gets inexplicably lost in the translation . That 's not the case here . This movie just starts off on the right track . It 's part familiar territory but manages to take it over the top as well . Crockzilla scene anyone ? That has to be seen , and just try and keep a straight face . This movie takes some of the old fun cult movie classics and manages to blend it seamlessly into a modern production . It 's good to see someone is filling the need in this market . Very well done .
1	No , there is another ! Because every Star Wars fan had to have an opinion about I , II & III and because that opinion was biased since we missed so much the atmosphere and the characters of the original trilogy , I will state the good points of " The Return of the Jedi " and a few corresponding bad points of the prequel . Of course , I loved the music , the special effects , the two droids , but this has been overly debated elsewhere . What we get in the original trilogy and in this particular movie : - A strong ecological concern - Anti-militarist positions - Fascinating insights about the Jedi Order and the Force - Cute creatures - Harrison Ford 's smile - A killer scene : Near the ending , when Vader looks alternatively at his son and at the Emperor . The lightning of the lethal bolts reflected on his Black helmet . And when he grabs and betrays his Master to save Luke , thereby risking his own life ! Oh , boy ! What is wrong in the prequel INMHO : - the whole " human factor " element that the original cast was able to push forward is somehow missing - The Force seems to be more about superpowers and somersaults , than about wisdom - Too many Jedis at once and too many Light Sabers on the screen - The lack of experience of a few actors too often threatens the coherence of the plot By the way , if you enjoy the theory of the Force as explained by Obi Web ( Obi Wen , I mean ) and Yoda , then you should read a few books about Buddhism and the forms it took in Ancient Japan . The magic of Star Wars , IMHO lies mainly in the continuing spiritual heritage from a master to his apprentice , from a father to his son , albeit the difficulties . " De mon me ton me " , ( from my soul to yours ) , as would write Bejard to the late Zen master T. Deshimaru .
0	Heavenly Days commits a serious comedy faux pas : it 's desperate to teach us a civics lesson , and it won 't stop until we 've passed the final exam . Fibber McGee and Molly take a trip to Washington , where they see the senate in action ( or inaction , if you prefer ) , have a spat with their Senator ( Eugene Palette in one of the worst roles of his career ) , get acquainted with a gaggle of annoying stereotypical refugee children , and meet a man on a train reading a book by Henry Wallace . Henry Wallace ! ! A year later , he was considered a near communist dupe , but in 1944 , he was A-OK . Add in some truly awful musical moments , a whole lot of flagwaving hooey , and a boring subplot about newspaper reporters , and you 've got a film that must have had Philip Wylie ready to pen Generation of Vipers 2 : D.C. Boogaloo . Drastically unfun , Heavenly Days is another reminder that the Devil has all the best tunes .
0	I saw this movie originally in the theater , when I was 10 . Even at that age the ' humor ' was mildly insulting to my adolescent intelligence . In the past , whenever I would see Ed Begley Jr. or jeff Goldblum I would cringe and start to feel very uncomfortable and even slightly sad . Until I was reminded of the existence of this movie today , I was unsure why I felt that way . Apparently I blocked my memory of this movie yet my negative feelings towards two of the perpetrators remained . Apparently I forgot that I saw this movie but subconsciously mourned the pieces of my soul that had been stolen , nay EATEN by the creators of this inhuman work . I haven 't been brave enough to try watching it as an adult . I imagine that as part of the healing process that I should probably look at confronting this childhood fear so that I can * truly * put it behind me . Some regression therapy and / or hypnosis might not be a bad idea either .
0	From the Q & A before and after , this is what I could gather : Some Irish guy wants to make a movie . Nothing in particular , just any movie . So , one night at a party , he hears some ex-roadie tell him a classic bit of rock n ' roll lore ; the one about how Gram Parsons ' corpse was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie so he could honor Parsons ' wishes that he be cremated out in JoshuaTree . Wow ! What a great idea for a movie ! Rock n ' Roll ( well , country ) , grave robbing , escapes , friendship , the 70 's ! I guess we could get Johnny Knoxville from " Jackass " , cause it 's kind of a prank , right , and Knoxville wants to do " a movie " too . Why he must have thought he had the next " Snatch " on his hand ! But this story 's not really that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to struggle against.like a psychotic girlfirend after his money ! But Parsons ' was married at the time . That 's O.K. , no one knows that . Besides we could get Christina Applegate . But what if the audience doesn 't like the idea of stealing a corpse.well , we 'll get his dad to join the chase , but give permission in the end . But Parsons ' dad killed himself when he was 10 , in fact his orphan status , and tragic childhood , are key parts of the Parsons Mythology . Mythology ? We 're making " A Movie ! " This is creative problem solving . It 's an uncomfortable experience for anybody even vaguely knowledgeable on or interested in the subject . Applegate 's presence is doubling jarring . First her invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time -she might as well have walked around the whole movie a cell phone in her hand , and secondly , what kind of man would Parsons be if he ever associated himself with that kind of harpy ? Facts aren 't just distorted or left out , but REVERSED . They could have easily found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather , who was attempting to whisk the body back to his home state where law would favor him in dividing up the considerable inheritance . And the music , oh , the music I love . The music is hacked up ( the bridge of a song here , the chorus there ) , forced to the background , and in the end , horribly covered by the hippest new indie band , Starsailor . My girlfriend asked the unnecessary , but irresistable question after the movie --was anyone up there , the writer , the producers , the director , actually a Gram Parson 's fan ? Well , no . He 'd never actually heard of Gram Parsons , but of course , blah blah blah , I learned to love it , and here 's some factoids I read in a bio online . Another guy vouched for Parsons ' coolness by saying he and Keith Richards tripped on acid together and wrote " Wild Horses " together , a mixed up bunch of facts as off-base as the movie . Another person asked , wasn 't it morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know about it from this film ? Well , he had the real roadie 's permission ( he was even set ) and the Parsons estate gave permission , and all these other people who got paychecks said it was great . But what I really wondered was , and asked in the embarassingly trembling voice of a truly impassioned Parsons geek , was , if the movie 's so cheaply made ( a million ) , had they not considered the original Gram Parsons fanbase as an audience ? The director and writer seemed to think he was a nothing figure with no fanbase , though I doubt any Mojo magazine reading , country-rock 70 's music fan would agree . But a bunch of Brits made it I guess , and they just didn 't care about Cosmic American Music , or even knew it existed . This isn 't just not a truthful Parsons flick , it 's not even in the right spirit -it doesn 't even fit the legend . At the very least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs . And plenty of people would love to be told . I should mention the movie was received well from the bunch of stoned college kids , just off the slopes , and into Johnny Knoxville . But if you 're a Parsons fan ignore the title , it 's just a movie for Jackass fans .
1	This film got terrible reviews but because it was offbeat and because critics don 't usually " get " offbeat films , I thought I 'd give it a try . Unfortunately they were largely right in this instance . The film just has an awkward feel too it that is most off putting . The sort of feel that is impossible to describe , but it 's not a good one . To further confound things , the script is a dull aimless thing that is only vaguely interesting . The immensely talented Thurman just drifts through this mess creating barely an impact . Hurt and Bracco try in vain to add something to the film with enthusiastic performance but there is nothing in the script . It may have been less embarrassing for them if they had merely chosen to drift and get it over with like Thurman . One thing the " esteemed " film critics did fail to mention however is that the film is actually quite funny . Whether it be moments of accurate satire or some outrageously weird moments like when the cowgirls in question chase Hurt off their ranch with the smell of their unwashed ... ahem ... front bottoms . Because of the chortles acheived throughout , while I wouldn 't recommend this film , there is entertainment to be had and watching Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is worthwhile for something different .
0	I can 't really think of any redeeming features of this utterly bad rendering on Asimov than the art direction . Forget the product placement disaster , the unconvincing performance from Will Smith and the gargantuan plot-holes . This wasn 't only laughable and but painful to watch . Even the action was boring . A mixture of MTV inspired production values and utterly bad dialogue probably aimed at very small children . What a shame that sci-fi this bad can still be made after we 've had Bladerunner , Minority Report or to a lesser extent Dark City ( by the same director ) . This one really belongs in the bottom 100 list . Truly awful .
1	I am actually outraged at the comment I read stating that this movie was " boring " and the beautiful scenery was marred by the black and white footage . It was made in 1925 ! ! ! ! I think it absolutely incredible for it 's time ! The journey that these people had to go through is utterly remarkable . It took them a week just to cross a river . The women carried their children in heavy wooden cradles on their backs climbing up a solid sheet of rock , sometimes barefoot in the snow . I would like to see Anybody do that now ! I thought it was a wonderful film with some truly amazing shots and an incredible story .
1	Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice . Florence who ? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen . I soon found out who Florence Rice was , A real beauty who turns in a simply wonderful performance . As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece . From 1939 , its a different time but therein lies the charm . It transports you into another world . It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious . Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine . She is absolutely delightful , at the same time strong , vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie . She made over forty movies , and I am going to seek out the other thirty nine . Alan Marshal is of the Flynn / Gable mode and proves a perfect match for Florence . Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some excellent comic moments , but the real star is Florence Rice . Fans of 30 's / 40 's movies , Don 't miss this one !
1	I think the context of the story has been covered by other posters so I would just like to write about the impact this film had on me . I first saw this film the year of it 's release around 1987 . My school organised a trip to the cinema to see it , for an RE project I think . We all went along of course excited because we were on a school trip to the cinema ! Little did we know what we were about to experience . To this day I still remember the feelings it invoked in me and i remembered crying a lot as were most of my friends . I think at the age we were we found it shocking and quiet rightly outraged in our own youthful way .It had such an impact on me that I joined the Anti Apartheid Movement the same year . I think it served it 's purpose in my case .
1	I could not agree more with the quote " this is one of the best films ever made . " If you think Vanilla Sky is simply a " re-make , " you could not be more wrong . There is tremendous depth in this film : visually , musically , and emotionally . Visually , because the film is soft and delicate at times ( early scenes with Sofia ) and at other times powerful and intense ( Times Square , post-climactic scenes ) . The music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly . Without the music , the story is only half told . Nancy Wilson created an emotional , yet eclectic , score for the film which could not be more suitable for such a dream-like theme ( although never released , I was able to get my hands on the original score for about $ 60 . If you look hard , you may be able to find a copy yourself ) . Crowe 's other musical selections , such as The Beach Boys , Josh Rouse , Spiritualized , Sigur Ros , the Monkees , etcetera etcetera , are also perfect fits for the film ( Crowe has an ear for great music ) . More importantly , the emotional themes in this film ( i.e. love , sadness , regret ) are very powerful , and are amplified tenfold by the visual and musical experience , as well as the ingenious dialogue ; I admit , the elevator scene brings tears to my eyes time and time again . The best part of this film however ( as if it could get any better ) is that it is so intelligently crafted such that each time you see the film , you will catch something new--so watch closely , and be prepared to think ! Sure , a theme becomes obvious after the first or second watch , but there is always more to the story than you think . This is easily Cameron Crowe 's best work , and altogether a work of brilliance . Much of my film-making and musical inspiration comes from this work alone . It has honestly touched my life , as true art has a tendency of doing . It continually surprises me that there are many people that cannot appreciate this film for what it is ( I guess to understand true art is an art itself ) . Bottom line : Vanilla Sky is in a league of its own .
1	" Nothin ' . There ain 't nothing ' in Room 237 . But you ain 't got no business going ' in there anyway . So stay out . You understand ? Stay out . " Never has there been such a feat of psychological horror as this film achieves . This is the highest rated horror film of all and rightly so . Jack nicholson is a superb actor and this is one of the greatest performances in cinema . Its about a family moving to an isolated and deserted hotel for 5 months over the winter . Then the father ( Jack ) becomes almost possessed by the horrors in the hotel . Kubricks direction is nothing short then perfect . The tense tracking shots , agonising music , mystical messages and perplexing plot makes this the best horror film ever made . Throughout the film there is constant references to danger , death and horror . Red is used in EVERY scene . Is the red purposely put in by Kubrick ? Of course ! . This is a definitive Kubrick classic and this is the third of his films I have given 10 / 10 . He is a perfectionist in his direction and you can see it in all his films . He loves to perplex his watchers in everyone of his films . I will be talking about this film for months to come . It has infinite depth . In conclusion , this is the cornerstone of horror and tension . A masterpiece of terror 10 / 10
1	Page 3 is most definitely a very enthralling and captivating eye-opener that very cleverly exposes the hypocrite lifestyles of Mumbai 's elite . From the fake kisses to the plastered smiles , Page 3 leaves no stone unturned in revealing the shocking lives of the rich and the famous . Backstabbing , gossip , corruption , and scandal lurk in every dark corner in the world of glitz and glam . Humanity and generosity are analogous to an oasis in the desert in this world where Social Darwinism is the prevailing mentality . Everyone is constantly craving for more money , more fame , and a higher reputation , driving them to do the most shameful things imaginable ranging from signing film contracts at a funeral to child molestation . Anything is possible in this metropolis where there is a such a wide gap between the social classes . The audience sees the ugliness of both of these classes through the eyes of the protagonist . She observes the suffocating atmosphere and the mind-boggling frenzy that the socialites live in . Bollywood , business tycoons , politicians , and the underworld are all intertwined in a completely convoluted mess ! Kitne Ajeeb Hai is a nice track as is the peppy Kuan Main Doob Jaongi . Terrific film with excellent character development !
1	If you are tired of films trying too hard to be fairy tales ( the " Pretty Woman " variety love story ) , here is a beautiful film in which a Japanese businessman is pulled free from his robotic , dispassionate life when he falls in love ... with dancing . Wonderfully drawn characters bring to life a story that is at once deeply funny and poignantly moving .
1	A rousing adventure form director George Stevens ( before he would turn to more serious fare such as 1948 's I REMEMBER MAMA and 1956 's GIANT ) that set the standard for all future action yarns to follow . Loosely based on Rudyard Kipling 's poem of the same , GUNGA DIN follows the journey of three military officers in 19th century India . The noble trio must brave a series of battles and other various dangers including a thuggee cult and a temple full of gold . Their screen adventures remain thrilling even after more than six decades , and have lent inspiration to nearly everything from the cliffhanger-inspired space opera STAR WARS ( 1977 ) to the similarly-plotted RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC ( 1981 ) . The biggest reason for the picture 's success , however , is the pitch-perfect performances by the film 's trio of extremely charismatic actors . Victor McLaglen has rarely been better as the strapping tough guy , Cary Grant is the ultimate comic foil , and Douglas Fairbanks , Jr is as suave a swashbuckling hero as imaginable - perhaps even more so than rival Errol Flynn . The chemistry between the three actors simply could not be improved upon , and such warm and believable comradely is precisely what 's missing from most modern action pictures - and they receive tremendous support from the marvelous Sam Jaffe , who overcomes the obvious physical miscasting and makes the title character a beacon of humane sweetness and quiet strength . A huge hit in its day ( the film was reportedly the second-biggest money maker of 1939 behind the outrageously successful GONE WITH THE WIND ) , and it remains arguably the best film of its kind .
1	My Take : A goofy , yet imaginative mess . Keanu Reeves ( Yes ! That Keanu Reeves ) and Alex Winter return as the two punk-rock idiots in this sequel to the time-trotting adventure comedy BILL AND TED 'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE , now a cult classic . In this sequel , Bill and Ted are given much more to do than travel through time . They might as well travel Heaven and Hell too ! During the beginning of this sequel , Bill and Ted are preparing for a " Battle of the Bands " competition which may make them more famous than ever . Meanwhile , many years in a futuristic civilization , the time-wizard from the first film ( the always watchable George Carlin ) is running a university praising Bill and Ted 's names . There , an evil tyrant ( Joss Ackland , from THE HUNT FOR RED October ) plots to get rid of the two idiot rock-stars once and for all . So he sends two identical android replicas ( In the words of Bill and Ted : Robot Us 's ) to do the dirty job . There after , Bill and Ted experience death and must find their way through Hell , with inhabitants that happens to include the duo 's worst memories , and then through Heaven in an attempt to get back to earth to save their girlfriends ... and their show . Along this whacked-out voyage , they play board games with none other than Death ( William Sadler , from DIE HARD 2 ) , reminiscent to a similar moment in the 1957 foreign film classic THE SEVENTH SEAL , aid help from a couple of intelligent alien beings and more . BOGUS JOURNEY 's array of exuberant special effects gimmicks aren 't up to to-date standards , and even some of the humor and the for-the-time look and feel are somewhat dated ( to be honest , the film also feels like it was released on the wrong year , even for the 90 's ) . But with it 's no little lack of imagination and a lively turn by both the performances and direction , BILL AND TED 'S BOGUS JOURNEY is fun , imaginative , and yes , bogus . Rating : * * * 1 / 2 out of 5 .
1	FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples of Hollywood SF films . Its influence was felt for more than a decade . However , certain elements relating to how this wide-screen entertainment was aimed at a mid-fifties audience that is now gone have dated it quite a bit , and the film 's sometimes sluggish pacing doesn 't help . But , the story 's compelling central idea involving the ancient , extinct Krell civilization and " monsters from the Id " hasn 't lost its appeal and continue to make this film a relevant " must see " movie . What I 'm mostly interested in saying here is that the current DVD for this movie is terrible . The movie has never really looked that good on home video and it 's elements are in dire need of restoration . I hope that will happen soon and we get a special edition of this SF classic .
1	I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes ... this is definitely really about a 5.5 ... Ummm .. it was kind of bloody , had likeable , shallow characters , and it had some really hot babes in it . I like the eclectic killer , because he didn 't kill people the same way everytime ... that sometimes gets old .
0	I don 't know what Margaret Atwood was thinking to allow this movie to have the same name as her book . I 've always been a big fan of The Robber Bride and was so excited to learn there was a movie in the works . I am aware that the translation of book to movie isn 't perfect but this movie was the worst ever . The names of the women are correct and some of the back story is correct but that is about it . I feel like I lost a good portion of my time trying to make it through this movie . This really should have been a mini-series to tell the story the way it was written . The actors for Roz , Tony , Charis and Zenia were well-chosen even though I was skeptical at first about Mary-Louise Parker . I only wish they 'd had a better script to work with because this really had nothing to do with the book at all .
1	Well , this is probably one of the best movies I 've seen and I love it so much that I 've memorized most of the script ( especially the scene in the storage unit when Jerry Lee breaks wind ) and even with the script in my head I still like to watch it for Jerry Lee , that German Shepherd is hysterical and really is put to the test to see who 's smarter . The tag line holds true as well . Not to mention the acting is great , though Christine Tucci sounds different in a whisper ( Check filmography under CSI if you don 't know what I mean ) . It 's too bad that this movie only contained the single issue Dooley and Jerry Lee had to work with , it would have been pretty cool to see the tricks that Zeus and Welles had up their sleeve .
0	Disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original LITTLE MERMAID will feel blatantly ripped off . Celebrating the birth of their daughter Melody , Ariel and Eric plan on introducing her to King Triton . The celebration is quickly crashed by Ursula ' s sister , Morgana who plans to use Melody as a defense tool to get the King ' s trident . Stopping the attack , Ariel and Eric build a wall around the ocean while Melody grows up wondering why she cannot go in there . Awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel . LITTLE MERMAID 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other Disney movies . I guess Disney can only plagiarize itself ! Do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the LION KING ! Other disappointing moments include the rematch between Sebastien and Louie , the royal chef . They terribly under played it ! The climax between Morgana and EVERYONE seemed to be another disappointment . I will not give anything away , but in 75 minutes , everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle . An embarrassment to Disney , LITTLE MERMAID 2 is better left to rent and laugh at . Then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels Disney is going to drown you in later on .
1	demonicus rocked , you guys need to understand how hard it rocked , unfortunately , the words needed to explain the extent of the rocking have not been discovered. for a tiny idea , pop like 50 hits of E , watch Death Factory while on the phone with Jesus , wait , Jesus is on call waiting , you 're having phone sex with Will Smith on the primary line. seriously , that movie ... so good. you need to watch it at least a 4 times to catch all the subtleties ... well , not so much subtleties as much as it takes the length of the movie , times 4 in order to ponder why the people at full moon are allowed to A , live , and B , reproduce. what is our world coming to ?
0	" Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist ( sic ) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia . The good doctor 's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty . What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter , where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows ? Sedating them into a coma-like state , he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty , " according to the DVD sleeve 's synopsis . That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie . * * The Corpse Vanishes ( 1942 ) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi , Luana Walters , Elizabeth Russell
0	The story and the show were good , but it was really depressing and I hate depressing movies . Ri 'Chard is great . He really put on a top notch performance , and the girl who played his sister was really awesome and gorgeous . Seriously , I thought she was Carmen Electra until I saw the IMDb profile . I can 't say anything bad about Peter Galleghar . He 's one of my favorite actors . I love Anne Rice . I 'm currently reading the Vampire Chronicles , but I 'm glad I saw the movie before reading the book . This is a little too " real " for me . I prefer Lestat and Louis 's witty little tiffs to the struggles of slaves . Eartha Kitt was so creepy and after her character did what she did The movie was ruined for me ; I could barely stand to watch the rest of the show . ( sorry for the ambiguity , but I don 't want to give anything away ) Sorry , but it 's just not my type of show .
1	So when i was little i got this movie as a present and my sister and i loved it. we would watch it all the time. when our friends came over we would have sleepovers and we 'd watch big rock candy mountain and grandpa 's magical toys . I 'm 21 now and i still love this movie , some old friends and i recently got together and watched it , we knew all the songs and we danced and talked about how much we hated Profster when we were little . One friend actually bought this movie and grandpa 's magical toys for her 2 year old daughter because she wants to pass on our love of this movie . This really is a movie you can let your kids watch and feel safe , no violence , no bad language , just lots of great songs and important lessons .
0	Really bad shot on video " film " made by not one , not two , but three amateur video makers . If you 're going to make a bad horror film at least throw in some blood , gore and nudity . There is some blood provided by latex cut off arm props bought at a Halloween store . There are lesbians and hookers but no nudity or sex . The lesbians spend a lot of time in bed but only talking . There seems to be no editing effects- fades , wipes etc . Once in a while a bit of black appears to separate scenes . Terrible music by bad heavy metal bands whose websites take up the majority of the end credits.The werewolves are represented by rubber masks that are attached to just the " actors " face . They didn 't even bother to apply brown makeup to their necks , arms or wrists . I guarantee a 10 year old with a video camera could put together a better movie.No reason at all to buy , rent or watch this film except as an example of how not to make a low budget video .
0	Burt Reynolds came to a point in his career where he appeared to just be going thru the motions . He 'd show up , party with his friends on film , and take home a big paycheck . It didn 't seem to matter to him that the product he was representing was pure crap . No film epitomized this more than " Stroker Ace " which makes " Cannonball Run " look like a classic and " Cannonball Run II " look watchable . Save for a few race scenes there is absolutely NOTHING worth seeing here . Even the beautiful Loni Anderson hams it up so bad as a dumb blonde it 's embarrassing . If the thought of Burt hamming it up with Jim Nabors and dressing like a chicken sounds funny then this is your movie . Otherwise pick almost any other film comedy and it won 't be any worse .
1	As part of the celebration of the release of Casino Royale , this film with the new Bond starring in it was shown , from director Roger Michell ( Notting Hill ) . I almost turned it off for being a bit boring , but I 'm glad I stuck with it . Basically May ( Anne Reid ) is a single mother of Helen ( Anna Wilson-Jones ) who hardly sees anyone and has not had a boyfriend in years . Her daughter says that she might want to get married to her new boyfriend , Darren ( Daniel Craig , of course ) . After knowing each other only a few days , May and Darren have a secret affair . And at her age , with a 30-something , and the new Bond ? ! Anyway , they obviously want to keep it a secret , but May has regrets and wonders if Helen will find out . When she does , Darren gets less hassle than May . In fact , Helen asks her permission to hit her . Also starring Peter Vaughan as Toots , Danira Govich as Au Pair , Harry Michell as Harry , Rosie Michell as Rosie and Johnny English 's Oliver Ford Davies as Bruce . Very good !
0	I admit to having been a fan of the original stage production . I never saw the movie version until very lately on cable , and watched it with anticipation , to see my memories brought alive again , because I adored the original show . Imagine my dismay . This has to be the worst translation of a Broadway show to film ever made . They changed the story , they changed the songs , they lost the soul . I was expecting a trip down memory lane , singing to the extraordinarily touching Music and the Mirror , At the Ballet , and Hello Twelve , Hello Thirteen . Not ! Not only did they adulterate the music to an almost unrecognizable point , but they messed up the storyline , adding songs and exterior plotlines ( hello Cassie and Michael Douglas ) not present in the original , and injecting " drama " where it wasn 't necessary . The original had enough pathos on its own . If you were a fan of the original Broadway show , don 't bother . I 'm sorry I wasted my time , and diluted my memories , watching this tripe .
0	Dear Friends and Family , I guess if one teen wants to become biblical with another teen , then that 's their eternal damnation - just remember kids , " birth control " doesn 't mean " oral sex " , I don 't care what the honor student says . On the other hand , even if the senator 's aid quotes himself as a " bit of a romantic guy " , he 's still only hitting on a high school girl . If she was my sister , I 'd eat this guys kneecaps . Other than that I found out that Mongolians don 't kiss the same way the French do and that baseball players named Zoo like delicate undergarments . I think I 'd almost rather watch Richie Rich one more time than suffer the indignity of this slip , slap , slop . Thank you , and good night .
1	An adult , realistic , cruel , dark story , like a second part of " les roseaux savages " ( the wild reeds ) , plenty of beauty and sadness , ellipsis and silences , shadows and little sparks of hope. a man searching for a warm companion , a better life , a sincere attitude .
1	As I reach the " backside " of 35 I find myself shaking my head more and more at the sex crazed , drug influenced teens of today . It was great to be reminded that it was just as crazy for me back in my day as it is for teens today . This film drives that point home to the core . If you are a late 70 's fan you 'll love the film . From KISS-posters to an Angel concert this movie rocks ! Watch for a young Laura Dern . Why they didn 't have more songs from the Runaways I 'll never know ? I did have a problem with Randy Quaid 's character deflowering a 16 year old girl . While he was away she and her friends have a party that destroys dude 's house . The cops come and everything but no mention of all the underage drinking and how these kids got their hands on this stuff . Foxes belongs right there with Over the Edge , Fast Times , Dazed & Confused , and Kids as one of the all time teen angst flicks . I say buy it and watch it with your kids and talk about it all .
0	I went to see " Evening " because of the cast . I 'd gone to see " Norman 's Room " for that reason -- that movie offering Diane Keaton , Leonardo De Caprio and , also , Meryl Streep -- and had loved every minute of it . Same for " The Notebook " even though it was chick-flit lite . And my feeling was , anything offering performances by Vanessa Redgrave , Meryl Streep , Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close would be at least as good . Instead , I found sometimes even the greatest actors cannot overcome trite , simplistic and -- on one occasion -- truly offensive material . Now I had no problem with the way the film was structured . I actually enjoy movies that cut back and forth in time to tell a story ... so long as one era illuminates the other and vise verse . But while Vanessa 's character being on her deathbed and recalling a past event she felt " was a mistake " was riveting , at times , the part actually showing what that " past mistake " was does nothing to clarify the matter . In fact , it makes it seem meaningless in the silliest " girl meets boy , girl gets boy , girl loses boy " fashion , and in the most unbelievable , clichd , wrong-headed way possible . And from here be spoilers , so bear that in mind should you continue reading . First of all , Claire Danes was brutally miscast . Not only does she not even begin to resemble Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman , she has nowhere near the chops when it comes to acting . Don 't get me wrong , she can be good in the right role -- just not this one . And Patrick Wilson was miscast , though he has the acting chops to almost pull it off . He 'd have been better suited to the part Hugh Dancy played -- the rich confused WASP -- and not the object of sexual attraction to one and all ; he 's a bit too WASP-y for that . Hugh Dancy ? One note -- " I 'm a tortured drunk and wait till you find out why . " And the " why " ( I 'm a closet case in a sexually repressed world , so I have to drink to excess and make a fool of myself in front of everyone I know ) was so offensive to me and the manner in which he died ( as you knew he would because that 's the only thing that can happen to a faggot in the Fifties ) so ludicrous , wrong-headed and mishandled , I nearly threw my candy at the screen . As for the modern part between Toni Collette and her sister , her fear of commitment , her jealousy of her sister 's " perfect life , " her sister wondering if she 's made the right choices , her pregnancy and her too-perfect boyfriend ( which actually might have been more interesting and meaningful if played by Patrick Wilson , and Ebon Moss-Bachrach might have been a more interesting Harris , given his dreamy eyes ) -- anyway , all this was hashed over in the 70 's and 80 's . And in much greater depth . Do we REALLY have to present it , again , and all as if it was fresh and momentous ? And to top it off , Meryl Streep doesn 't even appear until the last ten minutes of the movie , all in old lady makeup that hides many of her facial expressions . She 's still good , but only because she 's Meryl , and Meryl can find a way to pull off even the silliest dialog under the heaviest of makeup . So to put it simply , this movie has every clich in the " really meaningful message " movie book , and it adds a few that really had no business being trotted out , again . At two hours long and laced with " Lifetime Movie-of-the-week " music that is guaranteed to rub you raw , it 's a complete failure in both the " meaningful " and " moviemaking " aspects . I give it " 3 " only because of Meryl and Vanessa . Now , if all you require from your films is twadd le , then please set my comments about " Evening " aside and have the time of your life . But if you want a truly meaningful experience being served up by great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense it brings , rent " Norman 's Room " and find out what truly great acting is .
1	The Lion King 1 1 / 2 is a very cute story to go along with The Lion King . It basically follows the original story of The Lion King but with a couple of twists . In the movie , e vents are explained by a different characters point of view . This story is still an original plot . As far as sequels go , Disney isn 't all that great at making worthwhile ones . This one , being the third part to The Lion King ( Simba 's Pride is the second . ) actually has an original idea to it while still involving the fun of the first . Timon and Pumbaa travel along looking for the ideal place to live . After searching far and wide , they find the place of " Hakuna Matata " . They then meet a small lion named Simba , and go through many things that parents today go through . I think this is a very good movie , and I 'm happy to add it to my collection .
0	This film was a big disappointment . I take the opposite view of the critics . This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors ; here the actors ( Bette Davis and James Cagney ) are simply not up to the level of the material . Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney , and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic . With a very similar story , Davis proves that she has no talent for comedy ( good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted ! ) Davis ' one-note performance oozes petulance , but none of the nuances of Colbert 's acting in It Happened One Night . Cagney , who was a great comedy actor , just seems out-of-sync with his costar , Davis . The script provides some decent lines and gags , but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy . Part of the problem is the soundtrack , which , like the delivery of Davis and Cagney , seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy . Jack Carson , who played similar roles throughout his career , has more capably handled very similar material . In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance . In a slightly different role as an old west relic , Harry Davenport , is very good . But in one of his poorest performances , William Frawley is quite irritating . His character 's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony . I really love every one of these performers , and it is a shame that , as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.
0	I was very excited about seeing this film , anticipating a visual excursus on the relation of artistic beauty and nature , containing the kinds of wisdom the likes of " Rivers and Tides . " However , that 's not what I received . Instead , I get a fairly uninspired film about how human industry is bad for nature . Which is clearly a quite unorthodox claim . The photographer seems conflicted about the aesthetic qualities of his images and the supposed " ethical " duty he has to the workers occasionally peopling the images , along the periphery . And frankly , the images were not generally that impressive . And according to this " artist , " scale is the basis for what makes something beautiful . In all respects , a stupid film . For people who 'd like to feel better about their environmental consciousness ... but not for any one who would like to think about the complexities of the issues surrounding it .
0	Awful movie . It 's a shame that a few of Flanders 's top actors and actresses made such a lamentably poor film . There is barely something changed since the first movie and the TV series : same actors , same prototype characters , same scenario ( emotional complications , the team under emotional pressure but everything turn out tip-top after a predictable grand finale ) . Another constant fact in the work of Jan Verheyen is the exaggerated product placement ( company logo 's on the team 's shirt and along side the pitch OK but two times a commercial ( by one of the characters ) about an internet provider is just over the top . Meanwhile , rumour has it about the making of a second series for Flanders commercial TV station ' VTM ' ( coincidental or not , the station where Jan Verheyen is programmation manager since a few months ) To conclude ... and the golden raspberry award for worst foreign movie goes to ... Team Spirit 2
0	Cool idea ... botched writing , botched directing , botched editing , botched acting . Sorta makes me wish I could play God and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning .
1	Animation always seems to be fringe . In Japan , this might not be the case , but in Europe and much more so in the USA animation has a big fat " KIDS " tag on it . France is probably one of the more comic-liberal countries , home of classics as Tin-Tin , Asterix , Lucky Luke , Valereon and so on ( if you 've never read these , it 's not too late . There 's no upper-age limit on them and they don 't carry the nerd-stigma of DC or Marvel ) It seems natural a movie like this one pops up in France . It suits my prejudiced image of the French as art-loving , anti-USA-oriented and talented movie-makers . Luckily there 's also " A scanner darkly " out there to suppress that view - seems art is pretty much international . Anyway , as you might have gathered Renaissance is artsy and French . If you 're a normal person you will get scared by this . There 's no need for that however ! Beneath it 's cool , sleek cel-shaded appearance there 's a good thriller and a good movie overall . That was one of my fears for this movie . It 's so easy turning the spectacular animation to a gimmick , much like Sony & C : o are doing with their Pixar rip-offs . I was expecting a confusing , sometimes boring and not very engaging movie , but luckily I was wrong . I would have enjoyed it anyway for the neo-noir stuff , but it was good that it was worthwhile on that level as well . NOTE : I 've seen the French dub which was OK as far as I could see . English might be more interesting what with Craig and everything . A final word of praise to the animation . It was awesome . Futuristic , well-crafted , nice camera-work , smart solutions ( Eyes for example looked very good , which is hard to do ) and so visually stunning I felt like bursting out " This is so damn impressive ! " . Then again , I really like animation and I appreciate the effort the studio put down , so my verdict is a bit biased . Good movie anyway , definitely lives beyond it 's " gimmick " .
1	This has to be the best adaptation I have seen it 's my favourite and I think it stays very close to the book.What really makes this a must see though is the casting of the two lead actors.The wonderful Timothy Dalton is the best Rochester I have seen on screen brooding and tragic , while Zelah Clarke is the perfect combination of strength , courage , shyness and gentleness as Jane . The story ( as i 'm sure most people know ) is this , the young and plain Jane Eyre is a teacher at a charity school for girls in the 1800 's who advertises her services as a governess in the newspapers.She is offered the post of governess at the big mansion Thornfield Hall to tutor Adele the young ward of the halls mysterious and respected owner Mr Rochester . As the months go on he falls in love with Jane and puts into effect a few situations to try and see if Jane is as madly in love with him as he is with her.However there is a secret still waiting to be discovered at Thornfield Hall and when it is it 's effects are devastating.This is a moving and well acted drama with nice locations and gorgeous costumes plus as I said earlier excellent acting especially from Zelah and Timothy .
1	This familiar story of an older man / younger woman is surprisingly hard-edged . Bikers , hippies , free love and jail bait mix surprisingly well in this forgotten black-and-white indie effort . Lead actress Patricia Wymer , as the titular " Candy , " gives the finest performance of her career ( spanning all of 3 drive-in epics ) . Wymer was precocious and fetching in THE YOUNG GRADUATES ( 1971 ) , but gives a more serious performance in THE BABYSITTER . The occasional violence and periodic nudity are somewhat surprising , but well-handled by the director . Leads Wymer and George E. Carey sell the May / December romance believably . There are enough similarities between THE BABYSITTER and THE YOUNG GRADUATES to make one wonder if the same director helmed the latter film as well . Patricia Wymer , where are you ? Hailing from Seattle , WA , Miss Wymer had appeared as a dancer on the TV rock and roll show MALIBU U , before gracing the cover ( as well as appearing in an eight-page spread ) of the August , 1968 issue of " Best For Men , " a tasteful adults-only magazine . She also appeared as a coven witch in the popular 1969 cult drive-in shocker THE WITCHMAKER . THE BABYSITTER has finally made its home video debut , as part of the eight-film BCI box set DRIVE-IN CULT CLASSICS vol . 3 , which is available from Amazon.com and some retail stores such as Best Buy .
1	With ' Twelve Monkeys ' you need to pay attention , but if you do that you probably find a lot to appreciate . I know I did . The story is interesting and deals with time traveling . A virus killed a lot of people back in 1997 and a guy named Cole ( Bruce Willis ) is send back to 1990 and 1996 to find a cure for the virus . In 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital . There he meets Jeffrey Goines ( Brad Pitt ) , who probably has something to do with the virus . He also meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) who doesn 't believe him in 1990 . When Cole disappears from the mental hospital while he is chained and locked in a room and re-appears in 1996 Kathryn starts believing Cole 's stories . The movie constantly plays with time . Cole makes a phone call and leaves a message in 1996 , it is picked up in the future and " they " send someone . For Cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call . Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention . You could ask some questions but since you can 't have an answer yourself it is better to agree with the movie . ' Twelve Monkeys ' works as sci-fi , with some great images and a dark atmosphere , and it works as a thriller . You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie . May be it has some flaws in the story , but since it is about a fictional thing like time traveling , you should accept what the movie tells us and just try to enjoy . That was the easy part for me .
1	OK , so the FX are not high budget . But this story is based on actual events . Not something thrown together to make a couple of rich actors , even richer ! ! As most movies that are based on books , there are somethings that just don 't fit . Only a couple of people have stated that this movie was based on real events , not a knock-off as most people believe it is ! ! This movie is in no way related too TWISTER ! Other than both movies are about tornadoes . For those of you who have problems with the science of the tornadoes and storms in the movie , there are a couple of things you need to remember ... The actual " night of the twisters " was June 3 , 1980 . So this movie was released 16 years after the actual events . Try think how far storm research has advanced in that time . It happened in a larger town ; Grand Island , Nebraska is the third largest city in the state . Even though the movie calls the town something else , and says it 's a small town . For the real story check out : http : / / www.gitwisters.com /
0	Flat , ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account . Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey , married to the doting Andy ( Bill Pullman ) . When an old school friend of Andy 's named Jed Hill ( Alec Baldwin ) turns up as the resident surgeon , trouble is not far behind him . Script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective , tantalising thriller , and the severe lack of character motivation , background and development leaves the whole show reaching . None of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters , especially Bill Pullman , whose own inexplicably curious Andy is impossible to believe . Poor director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project , and is unable to make entertainment from any of it . By the time the ' secret ' of the plot is revealed , you just won 't care . At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good . Also stars George C. Scott , Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer . Sunday , February 25 , 1996 - T.V.
1	Well you take O.J. Simpson as a all american soldier turned all american bus driver who decides to rescue his passengers on his own just incase no one else is going to and Arte Johnson in an absolutely straight role as the tour guide who doesn 't know what to do but doesn 't want to admit they are in trouble and combine it with Lorenzo Lamas as one of three baby faced bad boys who intend to kidnap an heiress and leave a busload of people to die on the dessert and you have got to have action , plot twists and a lot of drama . Everyone was good but seeing Lamas as the baddest of the bad boys really blew my mind . He was much too believable as the overbearing bad guy who not only wanted to kidnap the heiress but rape the women and humiliate the guy who tried to stop him . This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image . And believe me a 20 year old Lorenzo in tight jeans you really don 't want to miss !
1	7 if you 're a kid- 6 if you claim to be an adult . This semi-sequel to the Lion King sees to spin off side characters Timone and Pumba , retelling the original story through their eyes , including the story of how they met . In the grand tradition of Disney , inferior sequels are made , and occasionally TV series featuring the adventures of minor characters from their biggest hits . You can be as sceptical as you want about this , but kids and fans of the series will likely not care ; their are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few above average sequels . This works because of the charm of the much-loved central characters , the quick pace , the in-jokes involving the first film , and for older viewers there are some funny gags . The animation is as good as ever , if a little less flamboyant than the original , but the plot here is all about taking it easy , Hakuna Matata . Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first film , frequently stopping mid-film to joke about parts of it , like a real audience . We see how Timone is a near outcast , he feels he does not fit in and decides to go looking beyond what he sees to find his ideal home . On the way he meets Pumba , another outcast and they become friends . Soon they meet Simba , a Lion cub , natural predator of T and P , but they form a trio . However , when Simba realises he must follow his own destiny and leave the group , it is up to the others to decide whether to help or not , and how . Of course the usual Disney elements and themes are here , friendship , good versus evil etc . The plot is simple but works on many levels , making it smarter than your average animated movie . As the CG movies appear , Disney 's traditional form must become smarter , but not forget the roots which made them popular . Toy Story and all that have come since have been clever , with jokes to suit all ages , and it seems this is the way the market is shifting . However , there will always be a place for films like this , and you cannot go wrong buying this for the youngsters . 7 out of 10
1	Have you seen The Graduate ? It was hailed as the movie of its generation . But A River Runs Through It is the story about all generations . Long before Dustin Hoffman 's character got all wrapped up in the traps of modern suburbia , Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were facing the same crushing pressures of growing up as they tried to find their place in the world . But how could a place like post WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family , at a time when the Wild West still was not completely gone ? Just what has Maclean tapped into that strikes so deeply at who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves ? As the movie opens , Norman is an old man , flyfishing beside a rushing river , trying to understand the course his own life has taken . The movie is literally a journey up through his own stream of consciousness , against time 's current and back to when he was a boy . He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian minister and devoted mother . The parents fit snugly into their roles . Mom takes care of house and home . Dad does the work of the Lord . The boys ponder what they will be when they grow up . Norm has it narrowed down to a boxer or a minister like his dad . Given the choice , little Paul would be the boxer , since he 's told his first choice of pro flyfisherman doesn 't even exist . The boys grow up and get into trouble with their pranks , fight to see who is tougher and do the things brothers do , all the while attending church and taking part in all other spiritual matters like flyfishing . They are at similar points in their lives before college . But when Norm returns from his six years at Dartmouth , things are very different . Paul is at the top of his game . Master flyfisherman . Grad of a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows every cop on the beat and every judge on the bench . Norman is stunningly well educated for his day but has little idea what to do with his life , even as his father grills him about what he intends to do . You 're left feeling that at least to Pops , God will call you to your life 's work . But you have to stay open and ready to receive it -- all your life . Father has always taken his boys to reflect by the side of the river and contemplate God 's eternal words . " Listen , " their father urges . It 's both Zen and Quakerly . Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman . But with all the beauty and contemplation , and even though the Macleans are truly a God-fearing , scripture-heeding household , how is it that Rev. Maclean 's family is unraveling ? Paul is true perfection as he fishes the river , but he 's feeling the pull of gambling and boozing , while his family doesn 't know how to keep him from winding up where he seems to be headed . Mom , Dad and Brother all seem to have the same quiet desperation of not knowing what they should be doing and why they can 't seem to help . Pauly just waves it all off with a grin and his irresistible charm . But the junior brother is losing his grip . Norman starts getting his life on track , finding love and career , but Paul continues to slide . The family that loves him watches helplessly . Mother , Father , Brother flounder in their own ways trying to help , but none very effectively . How can a family that loves each other so much be so ill-equipped to handle this ? How can someone be so artful and full of grace when out in God 's nature , yet be somehow unfit or unwilling to fit into the constructs of society that God 's peoples have made for themselves ? These are all questions Norman will ponder his entire life . The eternal words beneath the smooth stones of the river forever haunt him , yet keep their secrets . The movie is beautiful to watch . This is certainly God 's country , and filming it won an Oscar . Director Robert Redford plays with the story from the book and teases the narration a bit to follow the emotional pattern he 's presenting , and it works well . But do go back and read the book , too . You 'll see Norman made connections with his old man even deeper than the movie can suggest -- and you 'll see the places where the storyteller 's very words gurgle and sing right off the page with an exuberance of a river running through it , leading into the unknown .
0	In order to avoid confusion , let me clarify a couple of points : I am not a red neck . I am not even a moderate nor a conservative . Quite on the contrary , I am a radical : a Libertarian . I 'm not a WASP either , I was not even born in the States . Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are some kind of folk who do not feel poetry , and that these sad people usually earn their living teaching poetry . This movie was made by and for people who do not feel poetry , by and for show-offs ; and I dare say , by and for people who have no sense of decency or , for that matter , respect for other people 's life or death ( especially when the victims are thought to be mostly ' bloody imperialists ' killed in Yankee soil . ) I even find the original marketing idea of the eleven episodes of eleven minutes , nine seconds and one frame as particularly hideous and repulsive . Just plain awful . Why didn 't they assign a budget of as many dollars per episode as individuals were brutally murdered in the attack ? The whole idea rests somewhere between mere stupidity and reckless fascism . Anybody who is serious about film-making ( and serious about life and death ) should have angrily declined to participate in this recollection of innuendoes and non-sequiturs . With two exceptions : the episode of Burkina Faso -- almost amusing -- , and the one from India --which documents the story of a man who was unfairly and wrongly investigated in relation to the attack , on the basis that afterwards he didn 't return home and that he was an American Muslim ( and , truth be told , when the facts were known he was honored as a hero ) . All other nine episodes , essentially and extremely boring and emotionless , can be listed in two different categories : First : ' I don 't care about the thousands of victims : Americans , foreigners , children , youngsters , adults , old-timers ... ' and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotion . Makhmalbaf 's ( Iran ) ; Lelouch 's ( France ) I 'm afraid I 'm going to commit an heresy since it 's Lelouch 's , but maybe , his episode might be considered built upon an idea which could be regarded as almost original ; Tanovic 's ( Bosnia-Herzegovina ) ; Gonzalez Inarritu 's ( Mexico ) ; Gita 's ( Israel ) ; Penn 's ( USA ) Second : ' The bloody Yankees deserve it ' . And can be resumed in frustration and hatred . Chahine ( Egypt ) vindicates the suicide bombers ; Loach ( UK ) considers the 9 / 11 reckless attacks were some kind of punishment for the alleged support of the USA to the Chilean dictatorship headed by the serial-killer Augusto Pinochet , in fact someone should inform Mr. Loach that the victims of Pinochet were not related to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a South American country which sole existence Mr. Bin Laden should have ignored , he ought to be informed too that the American government sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were harder than any other ciountrie 's ; and , Imamura ( Japan ) windingly points out that WWII is related the attack to the WTC . Imamura has at least been coherent in this : the supposed cause effect linking is entirely nonsensical , which plays well with his episode including a man who believes himself to be a snake . It pretends to be obscure . It is , instead , quite ludicrous . There 's some kind of error shared by many , including some Americans , and it consists in the belief that this movie wasn 't commercially screened in the States because of some kind of censorship . Nothing further from the truth : This movie wasn 't screened in the States because it is a complete fiasco . A fiasco of the wackyest kind . Even in Buenos Aires , where Peronism and other forms of Fascism are nearest and dearest to the hearts of a sizable number of its inhabitants , and anti-Americanism is in vogue , the movie was screened in living rooms hurriedly converted into theaters , and was applauded by a very select public : The usual sad few who routinely lend their applause to other equally ' quaint ' spectacles . Like the sight of a McDonald 's fast-food restaurant or , perchance , an elderly Jew , being burnt to ashes .
0	Walerian Borowczyks La Bete ( 1975 ) was obviously received in different ways : Some were appalled , some were shocked others applauded the courage . I however am completely untouched , bored and cannot stop asking myself why the display of incoherent , inconsistent images which vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey . What was this movie actually about ? Growing sexuality in a woman ? I 've seen great films on this subject , but this is not one of them . How can one attempt to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream ( in the nude ) of beasts . Where there are no characters , there is no character study . The woman persecuted by the beast was not adolescent , the girl having sex with the black butler ( is he also characterized as a beast ? ) has a very grown up attitude to sexuality , so where is the consistency ? Is it a movie about religion ? If yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function , character and charisma , but with a strong desire towards two young boys . Is it about bestiality ? The metaphoric feel of the movie forbids any realistic examination of bestiality , especially as realistic examination requires realistic characters . So no real bestiality here . Some mythic beast and two priests talking to each other about the sin of bestiality . Enough for a college essay on the topic ? I don 't think so . Is it about sex ? Is it about anything ? I don 't know . I only know that showing a fired gun doesn 't make a film a war movie . Dealing with a topic must mean more than displaying its own associations with the theme . So look across the controversy . Don 't be scared by the bestiality , nudity , ejaculations , masturbation and stuff . I am not . Look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a poorly made , poorly edited , poorly acted , really poorly written ( okay , some pictures are quite nice , and the main character is a really good looking girl ) cerebral masturbation of a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent . It doesn 't . It makes it boring .
1	Zero Day leads you to think , even re-think why two boys / young men would do what they did - commit mutual suicide via slaughtering their classmates . It captures what must be beyond a bizarre mode of being for two humans who have decided to withdraw from common civility in order to define their own / mutual world via coupled destruction . It is not a perfect movie but given what money / time the filmmaker and actors had - it is a remarkable product . In terms of explaining the motives and actions of the two young suicide / murderers it is better than ' Elephant ' - in terms of being a film that gets under our ' rationalistic ' skin it is a far , far better film than almost anything you are likely to see . Flawed but honest with a terrible honesty .
0	This move was on TV last night . I guess as a time filler , because it sucked bad ! The movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way . ( Not bad tits and ass though ) . But the story is too ridiculous for words . The " wolf " , if that is what you can call it , is hardly shown fully save his teeth . When it is fully in view , you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI , because the wolf runs like he 's running in a treadmill , and the CGI fur looks like it 's been waxed , all shiny : ) The movie is full of gore and blood , and you can easily spot who is going to get killed / slashed / eaten next . Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed , they didn 't do a good job at it . Don 't even get me started on the actors ... Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds . But then again , if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks , then hey , where do I sign up ? Overall boring and laughable horror .
1	A solid , if unremarkable film . Matthau , as Einstein , was wonderful . My favorite part , and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again , was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton , I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie .
0	Terrible ... just terrible . Probably the worst film I have ever seen . And I did see some pretty bad pictures , throughout the years . The sound sucks so does the quality of the picture , the direction , the acting ... etc , etc . The only good shoots ( meaning funny , because they 're so bad ) are the special effects . Overall there are about 5 minutes worth of laughs . The rest of the flick gives you brain damage .
0	I watched this film last night with anticipation , but really wasn 't very impressed . With the exception of ' Combo ' , I thought the acting was poor and the narrative was limited . It came across like a ' made for TV ' drama . I felt that the film was very contrived . The whole set up of hammering in the context at the start ( yes , we get that this is 80s Britain - you can stop now ) was tiresome , and gave a very one-sided view of what life was like in 80s Britain - poverty , war juxtaposed with royalty , Margaret Thatcher , yet nothing in between ? There were actually middle-classes who existed back then - just ordinary working people , with a decent wage and a mortgage . The Falklands clips also seemed to be added randomly towards the end , for ' dramatic effect ' , I presume . The sequence of events felt a tad disjointed , as the characters moved one one action to the next without us seeing how their mindset could 've changed so quickly . The relationship between ' Shaun ' and ' Smell ' was toe-curling . I couldn 't even look during the snogging scene . I find it very hard to believe that she would 've been attracted to a boy who was not only so much younger , but also looked so much younger . I know there were only four years between them , but four years is nothing once you reach your twenties , yet it 's a huge difference in your teens ! In my experience , that kind of teen age difference only occurs when the girl is the younger one , since girls mature so much quicker , and are more on the wavelength of boys a few years older . Sorry , but I didn 't buy it - an unnecessary plot point created for shock value . The ending was somewhat abrupt and , again , contrived . If the flag throwing incident was supposed to be iconic , then it fell somewhat short in my eyes . It bugs me that British films only concern themselves with either the upper classes or the poverty-stricken . Don 't get me wrong , I love Trainspotting , and Four Weddings has its charms , but can 't we Brits come up with anything different ? Why are our films always so hung up on the class system ? I was born in 1973 , so wasn 't much different in age to ' Shaun ' would 've been in 1983 . I grew up in a single parent family on a fairly down-trodden council estate in a city in England . However , my childhood experiences were vastly different to those portrayed in the film - I don 't even remember racism being an issue ( although i 'm not saying it didn 't exist ) . ' This is England ' ? Not in my experience . The bottom line is that I felt this film lacked substance , and I was completely bored and unimpressed throughout .
1	Amicus made close to a good half dozen of these horror anthologies in the 70 's , and this , from leading horror scribe Robert Bloch , is one of their best efforts . There are four stories , all worthwhile , but two -- " Sweets For The Sweet " and " Method For Murder " -- distinguish themselves as highly effective journeys into fear . In " Sweets " , Christopher Lee plays an impatient widower whose lovely daughter ( Chloe Franks ) becomes resentful of his neglect and brutish intolerance , so she sculpts a voodoo doll with which she expresses her distaste for his methods . Franks is a beautiful figure of mischievous evil and delivers one of the greatest child performances in a horror film since Martin Stephens in " The Innocents " . This installment is directed with great subtlety and the final outrage , occurring off-screen , is a moment of purest horror . " Method of Murder " is about a horror novelist ( Denholm Elliott ) who is menaced by one of his own creations , the creepy Dominic . This episode is striking for its simplicity and stark terror . Dominic may or may not be real , so director Peter Duffell has a great time playing with our expectations . The brief shots of Dominic reflected in a pond or seen as a fleeting phantasm in a meadow are truly haunting . The original poster art , featuring a skeletal figure clasping a tray holding Peter Cushing 's severed head , was a rich enticement for punters fixed on fear .
1	This is the final episode we deserved . At the end of the last season , things were left in a ' life goes on ' mood , which was hardly the wrap-up that this realistic series deserved . While not a happy show , this series was always one that made you think ( a rare thing on television ) , and this is no exception . ' Is death justified by reasoning ? ' ' Are morals reflective of society , or is society shaped by the morals that are selected by the few in power ? ' ' What is a just death , and can it exist ? ' All of these questions , and more , are posed by the writers of this show every week , and this is their final thesis . Fine acting , great writing , wonderful camera-work , brilliant editing , clean direction . If you have seen the series and you missed this when it first ran , then get a hold on a copy somehow . If you never watched the series when it ran , then this will stand up on its own , but it may be heavy going trying to keep up with who all the characters are and what they are alluding to in their varied pasts . For those of us who were avid viewers of the series in the last two seasons , this is very satisfying viewing .
1	Using Buster Keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice . He may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age . This gives him a chance to display those talents in a little time travel story . He get hooked up with a guy living in modern times , and it becomes obvious that we are best left in our own times Keaton is able to do his sight gags very well . I 've heard his voice before . I believe he did some of those Beach Party films , playing some vacuous characters just to earn a few bucks . Serling seemed to have respect for him and portrayed him that way . It 's not a bad story . It shows how one reacts when we wish for something we don 't have and get that wish .
0	Some things need to be clarified . The picture of Mark Ferris is not the Mark Ferris who starred in this movie . I know that because he was my dad . Please remove that picture . Also , Mark Ferris was the writer , at least one of them . I have been trying to find a copy or a way to see this movie again . It has been years and if someone can point me in the direction of obtaining a copy , that would be great . The movie wasn 't all that bad , and trying to compare it to todays world of Star Wars and other high tech sci fi 's it futile . If you watch it , just enjoy it for the rediculousness and humor it possesses . Lighten up on being movie snobs and enjoy some less creative and innovated films .
0	Justin goes home to live with his strict , hard-nosed police detective father , but it seems daddy has turned the upstairs into three makeshift apartments each with bizarre tenants residing in them . Straight-laced idealist Justin is thrust into the world of the occult , murder , under-aged drinking and other dastardly things . Ho-hum Wow , have I seen the same film that nearly all the other reviewers on here saw ? ? ? Clever , compelling , original , intense , clever , genius ? ? ? ? ! ! ? I witnessed none of those things . What I DID see was an uninteresting , bland , trite , extremely clichd low-budget thriller that was ripe with implausibilities and no tension in the least bit as the killer is telegraphed as soon into the film as he gives his monologue / debate / discussion . And where are these humorous laugh-out-loud moments ? I never so much as chuckled , perhaps because i was too busy struggling not to be put to sleep by the film . My Grade : D DVD Extras : Audio commentary with director Dave Campfield ; Second commentary with various contributers as well as isolated music tracks ; 4 featurettes ( Making of , on the set , turning 1 room into 4 , & Inside the black circle ) ; Interviews with Felissa Rose , Desiree Gould , & Raine Brown ; Alternate scenes ; bloopers ; a music video for ' Addiction ' ; A trailer for this movie ; And trailers for " Shock-o-rama " , " Chainsaw Sally " , " Skin Crawl " , " Sinful " , " Bacterium " , " Creature from the Hillbilly Lagoon " , & " Millennium Crises "
1	This movie brought tears to my eyes ; John Roberts really knew how to get to viewers ' hearts , directing this wonderful picture where life is viewed through the mind and heart of Paulie . We discover from time to time , with the help of sensitive and talented directors like John , that even small creatures like Paulie have a heart . I just couldn 't stop my tears , even though the film has a happy end . This is great , after thousands of films I saw through my life , " Paulie " really touched me deeply . This is , after the " Ugly Duckling " , the second picture that really turned me upside down .
0	There were some scary scenes , which I 've always liked more than straight out gore , but otherwise this movie was rather weak . THere were too many questions left unanswered , and when they tried to explain anything in the movie , it was still rather unclear . After watching this movie I still seemed lost in a lot of ways . It sort of reminded me of Silent Hill a few years back . That movie was also unsatisfying , but still better than this because it did try to work and the story did actually make sense . This one , not so much . The acting for the most part in the Abandoned was decent , but the movie dragged on an on , and never really gave any type of satisfying conclusion . Like I said above , there were some creepy scenes , but otherwise , this movie was a mess . Sorry , I can 't recommend it .
1	I was very impressed with this small , independently made picture . The story , about a pair of social outcasts who meet , become friends , and provide each other with a support system both seemed to lack as children , is at times hilarious , at times sad , but always provocative . Music , mostly by underground bands , was used to great effect , as was the experimentation with camera angles , filters , and slow or fast motion techniques . The performances ( the leads are played by the writers and directors of the film ) are some of the best I 've seen in the last couple of years . If you ever felt like a square peg being forced into a round slot , I really believe you 'll appreciate " By Hook or By Crook " .
1	at first I had the reaction a lot of people left with after seeing this : that shots of fat people sunbathing , etc were cheap shots in a way . OK so he 's doing diane arbus meets . . . whatever . . . but it wasn 't long before I realized that this wasn 't being done in a dehumanizing way , as the images unfold I felt that the problem was entirely the audience 's : we are conditioned by Hollywood and also movies from just about everywhere actually to feel that to watch people above a certain age behave in a sexual way is something unseemly , something that ought not to be shown. if this were all the film offered it would be a great deal. however , the story of the woman with the abusive boyfriend and his drunk friend really hits like a ton of bricks : very eloquent storytelling , incredible performances , and to think the scene was improvised. that blonde guy is a genius actor. finally I want to contradict those who say this film is all about how pathetic all these people are. the old man who is on the make with the woman who finally dances for him is completely an a OK character that breaks that mold , so don 't oversimplify the film by overlooking him. yes his dog gets killed. this ain 't a rosy picture of the world but it 's not . . . completely hopeless. anyway I felt really grateful to the filmmaker for making such a beautiful film all in all . I wouldn 't say each of the threads were as strong as the strongest , but I say this movie basically kicks ass and would highly recommend it . . .
1	A lot of the user comments i have seen on the IMDB for this movie don 't really do it justice . First of all , let me just say that this movie is not to be taken seriously . It 's supposed to be a fun , yet stupid movie , that doesn 't require one to think , only to enjoy it . If you watch this movie with the intent to see a masterpiece in either filmmaking or in humour , then you will be sorely disappointed . Yet , if you want to just watch a goofy movie with some talented actors / actresses , and some good catch-phrases , then you will enjoy it .
0	This is supposed to be well-researched and based on fact . How come therefore that it 's so packed with McGovernisms . Did the people of Derry live in some kind of bizarre Philip K. Dick world in which reality was uncannily like Cracker / Liam / Priest ? Or is McGovern an idle hack who just keeps repeating hims
0	This was one of the lamest movies we watched in the last few months with a predictable plot line and pretty bad acting ( mainly from the supporting characters ) . The interview with Hugh Laurie on the DVD was actually more rewarding than the film itself ... Hugh Laurie obviously put a lot of effort into learning how to dance the Samba but the scope of his character only required that he immerse himself at the kiddie end of the pool . The movie is based on the appearance of a lovely girl and great music but these are not sufficient to make good entertainment . If you have never seen Rio , or the inside of a British bank , this film is for you . 2 out of 10 .
0	I saw the MST3K version of " Deathstalker III " and loved the movie so much -- even " unmystied " -- that I decided to watch the entire series of " Deathstalker " films . I bought I and II and settled down for a laugh . Nothing about " Deathstalker I " was funny on any level and when the credits rolled I was embarrassed and regretful that I had bought it ! Too much ugliness and nudity . I guess either " DS 3 " was a much cleaner production or MST3K really edited a lot because I expected something similar , i.e. stupid and carefree and simple . I was wrong . Even at $ 6.99 it seemed a waste of money . I didn 't even open " DS 2 " as I will return it tomorrow . Now I 'll probably just throw away this DVD as I can 't return it and no one wants it -- including myself ! So really , don 't bother with this one . Even the nudity ( lots of it , btw ) is uninspiring and icky .
1	This movie is light , funny , and beautifully filmed . The lightning is absolutely superb , and the colours convincingly remind Vermeer paintings . This is sentimental comedy at its best , way above US and French standards , and arguably better than English ones too . Every character is touching , and interpretation is close to perfection . Isabelle Blais is splendid , Sylvie Moreau is better than in the Catherine series , Stphane Gagnon is charming , Emmanuel Bilodeau is great in that weird role of his , and Genevive Laroche is the perfect best friend ! I could go on for hours before finding any negative comment on this movie , so give it a chance , and add your own review .
1	The line , of course , is from the Lord 's Prayer - " Thy Will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven " . Sweden , especially its far north , is not my idea of heaven -30 degree C winter temperatures are a little on the low side for me , but the good folk who live there no doubt think they are in God 's own country . The storyline here is a familiar one . Acclaimed international musician Daniel suffers health breakdown in mid-career , goes back to the little village in northern Sweden where he was born . Persuaded by the local pastor to help out with the church choir , he turns some unlikely talent into a class act , and they enter a contest held in Innsbruck Austria . There are echoes ( sorry ) of the band players of " Brassed Off " the models of " Calendar Girls " and the dancers of " the Full Monty " . But of course he causes plenty of emotional upheaval as some of the more downtrodden villagers realise their worth and revolt against their oppressors . He faces hostile husbands and an increasingly dubious pastor , but nothing except death is going to stop him . Despite the somewhat corny story , we get to know and like many of the characters , who come across as people rather than caricatures despite many of them being recognisable " types ' . I did wonder about the wife-beater being unpunished for so long Sweden is one country in the world where such violence is pretty strongly discouraged ( he was also a bit young to be one of the bullies of Daniel 's youth ) and the puritanical pastor with a secret passion for girlie magazines was a bit of a stereotype , but marvellously realised by Niklas Falk . Michael Nyqvist is simply wonderful as Daniel , the frail but driven musician , and there 's some nice music as well . I was rapt for the whole two hours . The ending is what you make of it , I guess , but it 's not spoiling it to say Daniel achieves what he set out to do .
1	One of Cary Grant 's most enduring comedies is Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House . Although judging by the size of it the dwelling would be a dream mansion today . Still Cary was making a good living in the advertising field even though he was having a devil of a time trying to come up with a slogan for ham with the brand name of Wham . What made this film so popular was the housing shortage of the post World War II years . Returning veterans from the war were claiming their entitlements under the GI Bill of Rights which included home loans . The problem was there literally were not enough houses to satisfy the demand . Around the time the book by Eric Hodgins and the film were so popular Congress passed and President Truman signed the Taft-Ellender- Wagner Housing law which put the government for the first time in the home building business . I had an uncle and aunt who were around the same time building their own home which they moved into in the early Fifties . Like Cary Grant and Myrna Loy they had two daughters and were looking to get out of inner city Rochester . Their place wasn 't quite as grand as a house in Connecticut with eighteen rooms , still they lived there the rest of their lives the way Cary and Myrna most likely did . Of course it was expensive and the costs just keep adding up and up , threatening to send Cary to the cleaners . Cary and Myrna also have Melvyn Douglas around to offer counsel , usually too late . Truth be told he 's kind of sweet on Myrna and Cary knows it . Myrna Loy 's role is simply an extension of Nora Charles . If you can imagine the Charles 's moving to the country and William Powell having the headaches Cary Grant does , the film would still work just fine . Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House still works well as comedy because the situations are universal . And this review is dedicated to my Uncle Walter and Aunt Kate who lived in their dream house together for over 40 years .
1	Michael Curtiz directed this 1930 very-stylish whodunit from a script by Robert Presnell Sr. , Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine . The original novel they adapted was " The Kennel Murder Case " , perhaps from a writer 's standpoint the best of the Philo Vance mysteries by the strange S.S. Van Dine . Vance was a long-worded and superior detective genius , and his character being assigned to William Powell probably meant the executives at Warner Brothers were aware of the possibility that in less-engaging hands this detective might alienate viewers . Fortunately they assigned suave William Powell first to the character . ; later he was played by Basil Rathbone , Warren William , and Paul Lukas before being consigned to " B " picture status.The other question as always with Warner Brothers executives is why they chose Vance as a character ; their penchant was to choose men who operated outside the law , with no apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and a champion of individual rights against all comers . This film has a despicable villain who gets murdered , and a claustrophobically challenging locale inside an apartment complex . The characters are unarguably unusually well-realized , the direction rather good and unusually swift-paced ; and except for a darkish B / W look , the film avoids the comedic asides , superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective entries . Jack Okey did the good art direction . The music by Berhard Kaun is serviceable ; Orry-Kelly did the costumes . William Reese provided the mostly-indoor cinematography . In the interesting cast , Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time , mostly sober-minded with just a hint of sardonic humor here and there . Eugene Palette is better than usual playing very straight as an admiring police partner to Vance , with his very professional timing . The other actor who comes off best is handsome Paul Cavangh , very effective as always in what was written as a red herring part . Mary Astor is attractive but at this point in her career she talked a bit too fast to be as effective as she later proved . Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the villain 's woman , Jack La Rue , Ralph Morgan ( best known as Frank Morgan 's brother ) , Robert Barrat as the villain everyone has cause to kill , Archer Coe , and Frank Conroy as his likable brother with Robert McWade as the D.A. ; quirky and funny Etiienne Girardot has a delightfully witty part as the funny little forensics doctor who comes onto the crime scene . James lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent . The story breaks into four parts . First there is shad doings at a dog show , where Vance , Coe and Cavanagh are all showing West Highland terriers . Cavanagh 's dog is killed , by Coe , to prevent him winning the title over his own entry . The second portion of the scene involves a leave-taking ; someone is confused enough by who has gone where , after Coe parts from his girl friend , Vinson , to murder his nice brother by mistake . Enter Vance , to find out who did in Archer Coe in a locked room and how , with the help of Palette ; the romantic difficulties are straightened out , the Chinese servant is exonerated , we find out who broke the expensive vase , who will marry whom , how Archer Coe was done in and why the butler did not do it--but someone else with a good excuse did . This is a more-than-good little mystery , which skilled Hungarian-born director Curtiz took quite seriously . He used wipes , swift cuts , changes of camera angle and alternations between straightforward and daring camera-work to achieve variety , interest and a sustained pace . Many writers , critics and experts , myself included , consider this to be the best of the Vance projects , although others are estimable as well .
1	After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left the Saturday morning airwaves in the fall of 1986 , I pretty much stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons at that point since those were the only two that kept me tuning in . And since neither the Real Ghostbusters nor the Flintstone Kids seemed very promising to me , I " retired " and started sleeping in on Saturday mornings . I only returned to Saturday morning TV in 1988 for that one year only for one and only one animated show . A new animated show of Superman was something I was not going to pass up . I was 17 and in high school at the time , but so what ! I loved this show . From what I can recall , this series was a gift to fans I suppose in celebration of Superman 's 50th birthday that particular year . It had the theme music and the music style reminiscent of John Williams movie score from the Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman movies . I honestly felt that the animation style Ruby Spears did was reminiscent of the Super Powers Team : Galactic Guardians series by Hanna Barbera a few years before . Sadly , Danny Dark was not back as Superman , but I felt Beau Weaver did a very impressive job as the voice of Superman and his Clark Kent was nerdy like the Chris Reeve version . After hearing him as Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic on the 90 's Fantastic Four , I could still see this version of Superman in my mind . Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane . LOL ! What a rhyme . She was a voice director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I guess she took it upon herself to do Lois . Memories of the SuperFriends lingered in this series when it came to the voice over cast . Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor , who on the SuperFriends was formerly Firestorm . Perry White is none other than former Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross , who on SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in the Super Powers shows . And Lex Luthor , now a wise cracking billionaire tycoon is none other than SuperFriends voice alum , Michael Bell , whom I know best as Zan and the Riddler as well as many other characters on many other series . I felt this series was a combination of the movie Superman along with the post crisis John Byrne re envision of Superman , with Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon , Jonathan and Martha Kent being alive to see Clark as Superman . The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do this . Unfortunately , we never saw Brainiac , Bizarro , Toyman , Metallo , or Darkseid . Other than Luthor , we saw only the Prankster and we did see General Zod . I especially enjoyed that one episode with Wonder Woman , who was voiced over by BJ Ward who played her on the Super Powers Team as well . The episodes were smashing and I also enjoyed Clark 's growing and development stories from infancy to childhood to adolescence to an adult moving to Metropolis in the short little segment , Superman 's Family Album . The only two things I didn 't like . It only lasted one season . And after Wonder Woman 's guest spot , I was hoping Batman would turn up voiced over by Adam West ( Still thinking about the Super Powers Team episodes I guess ) . I also hoped for it because on the Prankster episode , the Metropolis baseball team was pitted against the Gotham Goliaths . Every popular Super Hero has one cartoon series that is ultra rare . For SpiderMan , I feel it 's the 1981 solo series that aired the same time as Amazing Friends . For the Incredible Hulk , it 's the 1982 cartoon . For the Fantastic Four , it 's the 1978 series with HERBIE the Robot . For Batman , it 's the New Adventures of Batman 1977 by Filmation featuring BatMite . But for Superman , the rarest series is this one . Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it . This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release . All in all , this 1988 version of Superman is well ... Super ! !
0	I think the show had a pretty good concept to work with . But the execution was poor . The script is poor and acting is bad . There were many issues that could have been portrayed in a better way , like the protest against gay marriage or finding the graveyard . The show can 't be properly termed as comedy show as it lacks humor miserably . I should say this show was barely successful in putting the life of Muslim community to some extent . Till now second season is worse than the first one . I had my hopes high regarding this show , but I was kind of disappointed . Still I appreciate CBC for putting up such concept in front of the viewers . Anyway I wish best of luck for the future .
1	Perhaps not the absolute greatest entry in the Hammer House of Horror series , but it surely wins the award for most inventively titled episode ! " The House that Bled to Death " I could yell out this title all day without ever getting tired of it ! And besides the wondrous title , this short movie also benefices from a solidly written screenplay and a handful of genuinely suspenseful moments . It might require an extra viewing before you fully understand the peculiar end-twist , but it 's definitely an original idea for a horror short . The story opens with images of an elderly couple drinking tea in their middle-class house . The husband sadistically kills his wife and several years later the " cursed " house is still for sale . A young couple and their cherubic daughter move in and start to restore it , but mysterious events occur and affect especially the young Sophie . Her beloved cat is killed an even her birthday party gets ruined when one of the house 's pipes suddenly sprays blood all over the guests ( a particularly chilling sequence , this one ! ) . Is the old house really haunted ? Or maybe the seemly helpful neighbors cause all the horror ? The answers to these questions are provided in the original and fairly unpredictable climax and there 's even room for a real shock at the very end . The tension is masterfully built up and the titular house is filled with eerie scenery , like the pair of rusty machetes used by the husband to slay his wife . Little warning though , the sequence with the cat is hard to watch when you 're an animal lover . In conclusion , another winner for Hammer 's short-running TV series !
1	This was the first regular filmed Columbo movie episode but yet it aired as the second , after Steven Spielberg 's " Columbo : Murder by the Book " . It 's also at the same time among one of the better ones ! Bernard L. Kowalski was one great creative director ! No wonder that they later asked him to direct three more Columbo movies . The movie has some real creative and innovative shot sequences and the movie as a whole is also clearly made with style , passion and eye for detail . Every shot connects and is a reason why this movie is better and also better looking just any other average made for TV movie . It 's definitely one of the better directed Columbo movies . It 's a quit original Columbo entry for a couple of reasons . The murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act . So the killer this time doesn 't have any time to plan out the ' perfect murder ' in advance and his to clean up any of the traces afterward and has to dispose the body . The killer in this movie is not only being handled as the man who committed the crime but more as the man who helps out Lieutenant Columbo to solve the murder . It makes the character a more interesting and layered one as well and also helps to make the way Columbo solves the whole crime seem way more interesting as well because of that . Of course Columbo starts to suspect him pretty early on and as always he comes to solution by making himself vulnerable and look more stupid than he of course truly is and by gaining the killer 's trust . This is obviously no spoiler since this is the way every Columbo movie gets set-up . I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed . It also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast . At the time of this movie Peter Falk had really made the Columbo character his own and the character at this was already fully developed . Robert Culp is truly great as the short tempered Brimmer . Funny thing is that he would later star in three different Columbo movies again and one " Mrs. Columbo " episode , only in totally different roles . He even played the murderer in a couple of those movies as well again . He by the way was not the only actor that did this in other later Columbo movies . Also the great Ray Milland makes an appearance in this movie , as the husband of the victim . All in all , a real great early Columbo movie and among the better ones out of the long running series of movies . 9 / 10
0	Beating the bad guys ... Again is the tag line for this movie , it exposes so much truth about it . Home Alone one and two , film classics . Home Alone three and four , a good film if you 're three ! Like Sharkboy and Lavagirl , as hard as it tries to be funny , it 's not . Culkin is replaced by Alex D 'Linz or something else . He 's a very bland actor with bland performances , but it 's not entirely his fault , the writing called for bland vocabulary and bland expressions . The pranks are just copied from the first two with different crooks , and you 'd have to be blind to think those chicken pox are real . A good choice if you are a preschool teacher in which is showing this film on a rainy day . And to make things worst , a totally different cast , go see if you don 't believe me , but you 'll regret it .
0	Jenny Neumann ( from the sexploitation flick MISTRESS OF THE APES , the American slasher HELL NIGHT and others ) is Helen Selleck , an American actress who gets a lead role in an Australian stage production . She 's a virgin because as a little girl she saw her mom having sex and then accidentally caused the car accident that killed her . Meanwhile , a black-gloved killer prowls around the theater slashing up people with shards of glass . * * * MAJOR SPOILER * * * The killer is obviously Helen ( she speaks in her dead mother 's voice , washes blood off her hands after the murders and is seen killing a child molester with a broken bottle as a little girl ! ) , but this has gratuitous heavy-breathing POV camera-work and conceals the identity of the murderer until the very end like it 's supposed to be some big surprise . The entire cast seems obsessed with talking about , having or trying to have sex , and , in one case , even blackmailing their way into getting laid . There 's quite a bit of nudity and blood , but there 's no sense of continuity , the photography is murky and the editing ( by Colin Eggleston , who also scripted and produced ) is terrible . The theater setting for a slasher film predates Soavi 's film of the same name and Argento 's OPERA ( both of which are better than this one ) by five years though , and Neumann is pretty hot .
1	In 1942 a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a set of stories that were basically unrelated , but tied together with a suit of men 's evening wear . Each story began when the " tails " were passed from one owner ( Charles Boyer , for instance ) to another ( Ceasar Romero ) . WINCHESTER ' 73 , a superior film , and a great western , has a similar plot twist . Initially it is about how Jimmy Stewart is seeking Stephen ( Horace ) MacMahon for some deadly grudge . But in the course of the film the two men get into a shooting contest , the prize ( given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer ) being one of the new Winchester rifles . Stewart barely beats out MacMahon , but the gun is stolen from Stewart , and the chase is on . The gun passes from hand to hand , including John McIntyre ( as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant ) , to Rock Hudson ( in a surprising role - and a brief one at that ) , to Charles Drake , to Dan Duryea ( as the delightfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean ) , to MacMahon . Eventually it does return to Stewart . The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann . Every character has a wide variety of experiences . Duryea gets the rifle literally over Drake 's dead body ( Duryea forces the issue ) . But he loses it to MacMahon , who is faster on the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle . As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance , Winter ( who watched Duryea kill her former boy friend Drake ) drops her distaste for the gunman momentarily to ask why he put up with MacMahon 's bullying for the gun . Philosophically , Duryea explains he can wait . Some opportunity will come up later on ( i.e. , when he can safely kill MacMahon and get back the rifle ) . The characters are remarkably human . Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake , but she sees a really big negative side to him - an unforgivable side . Drake is aware of this lapse , and it helps lead to his destruction . Other characters have realistic touches , such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Steward 's friend Millard Mitchell . Oh yes , and with Flippen 's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis . Flippen makes one believe this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before , since 1861 probably . Steward had showed emotions in other films . In IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE he showed a degree of anger at times , and also a near nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life . But here he showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprised Duryea ( who normally would show such anger himself ) . The parts of this film fit very neatly together , under Mann 's competent hands . This is one western that never wears out , as the audience watches the travels of a Winchester rifle .
1	This picture for me scores very highly as it is a hugely enjoyable and amusing spoof of Alien Invaders taking over a town and many of its ' men folk . The town and the players are all decked out in sort of 1950 's style and the whole movie has a deliberate tacky and kitschy feel to it . Some of the scenes are hilarious like with the birth of an alien creature . All the actors give full blooded and serious performances which makes the film even funnier and the special effects and Aliens are at least it seems to me intentionally 3rd rate to add to the amusement . These type of films often deserve a cult following : 8 / 10 .
0	This is an amateur movie shot on video , not an " electrifying drama " as the DVD liner notes falsely boast . I have seen much better stuff from undergrad film students . The bulk of the story unfolds with an all-nite taxi ride around Jakarta . This movie could have been made using a single video camera , but there are a few sections where two cameras were used and the content was bounced together later . The editing is extremely rough . The final edit was probably done with two cameras , bouncing content back and forth , instead of with a proper editor . Perhaps they did the editing in the taxi too ? The English subtitles were written by someone not fluent in English , e.g. , " Where you go now ? " To say the production quality is on a par with Blair Witch is generous . If you 're not scared away yet , this film was an ambitious and creative endeavor , with lots of cool and funky images from all over Jakarta .
0	Although there were some amusing moments , I thought the movie was pretty lame . The longer it ran , the worse it got . Once the action entered Monument Valley , I found myself watching the magnificent outcroppings more than the increasingly silly and unconvincing interaction of the characters . The character of the daughter was particularly incoherent . First she 's in on the deal , then discovers the truth and she bails . Then she 's back again , then deserts them again . Then she 's back again . There 's no apparent motivation for any of her decisions . There were interesting characters , some interesting scenes , and many missed possibilities . I would have to say the pictures was much less than the sum of its parts . Apparently the people who liked Repo Man were inclined to like this one . Searchers 2.0 is no match for The Searchers .
1	Streisand fans only familiar with her work from the FUNNY GIRL film onwards need to see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE she achieved her goal of becoming a Movie Star . There had never been a female singer quite like her ever before , and there never would be again ( sorry , Celine - only in your dreams ! ) , but never again would Streisand sing with the vibrancy , energy , and , above all , the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she performs here - by the time she gets to that Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later , she 'd been filming FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and her performing style has become less spontaneous and more reserved , more rehearsed ( and , let 's face it : more angry ) - there 's a wall between her and the audience . Live performing was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood , and once she no longer had to do it she 's done it as little as possible ( and oh , that legendary stage fright provides such a good excuse ! ) . Her vocals here and on her earlier Judy Garland Show appearance are incredible : Streisand could truly make an old song sound new again , and composers such as Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for it . But by the 1970s Streisand was trying to be a " rock " singer , her albums pandering to the younger audiences , with over-wrought shrieking of songs that were unworthy of her effort or her voice . In the ' 80s she came back with that brilliant " Broadway Album , " but went on and on about what a struggle it was to get it done , how " they " told her not to do it , etc . Oh please - when has anyone told Streisand what to do ? She could have been doing good stuff like that all along , bringing audiences UP to her level instead of stooping to what she thought the young public wanted . ( The " Back to Broadway " sequel wasn 't nearly as good , as Streisand seems to feel it necessary to improve on other composers ' work : if he were alive at the time , would Richard Rodgers have even recognized his own " Some Enchanted Evening " ? Rodgers , notorious for taking singers to task for playing around with his melodies , would undoubtedly have been after Streisand to sing what he 'd written ! She also blows Michael Crawford off the CD in their duet of " Music of the Night " - apparently reminding him just whose CD this is . Why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them by herself , and songs that aren 't duets and singing them as duets with someone else who she then goes on to diminish ? ) Supposedly Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised her , " Don 't let them do to you what they did to me , " advice Streisand wasted no time in heeding - despite her protestations to the contrary , surely it looks like it 's always been her way or the highway . Just imagine - SHE told the CBS brass how her first TV special would be done - no guests , just HER . But nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here . Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE she was a legend - you 'll be absolutely amazed at the difference ! PS - I watched this again last night ( 12 / 01 ) after not having seen it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered ! The 1st Act begins with " I 'm Late " and includes " Make Believe " and " How Does the Wine Taste , " and Barbra 's homage to childhood , " I 'm Five " - it climaxes as Streisand appears with full ( and I mean FULL ) orchestra to sing " People " - she wasn 't bored with the song yet and although it 's a somewhat shorter rendition it really soars - compare it to some of her later " auto-pilot " versions . The 2nd act ( after Streisand 's " kooky " schtick-patter , which hasn 't changed much over the years ) is the famous series of Depression songs set amidst the extravagance of Bergdorf-Goodman 's . The 3rd Act is the stunner - call it " Streisand , the Orchestra , and the Audience " ( although we never see the audience that supposedly witness this historic event ) . With her fear of audiences and dislike of such performing , this may have been the toughest part for her , but if so , to her credit it doesn 't show . She tears through " Lover Come Back to Me " and the torchy " When the Sun Comes Out " ( though I can 't remember in which order ! ) , the poignant " Why Did I Choose You ? ( one of my all-time favorite Streisand performances ) and offers a medley of FUNNY GIRL songs , including ( of course ) " Don 't Rain on My Parade " and my favorite song from the score , " The Music That Makes Me Dance " . Explaining that " Fanny Brice sang a song like that in 1922 , and it made her the toast of Broadway " , Streisand then sings " My Man " , and it 's almost a dress-rehearsal template for her later screen rendition in the FUNNY GIRL film ( the main difference being that the black gown here is sleeveless - her film gown had long sleeves and against the black background all we saw were her hands and face ) , but the vocal here is more urgent and charged than her later film vocal . ( Her performance of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who , of course , never sang the song in such an all-out manner as Streisand does here or in the film - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a glimpse of Brice 's more understated version . ) The show ends with Streisand singing " Happy Days Are Here Again " over the credits . When it was over I said to the friend I was watching it with , " She has NEVER , EVER , done anything better ! " And she was TWENTY-THREE YEARS OLD !
0	This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie , " Heaven Can Wait " , but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock . The premise remains the same : Lance Barton , ( Rock ) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God 's representative , Mr King , to come back to earth as someone else . As in Beatty 's movie ; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington , a rich white man , all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins ( Regina King ) who happens to turn up at Wellington 's house during the murder . The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover suffers in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee simply does not work . Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real ' white ' Wellington , fail miserably . Improvements could have been made to the original Beatty plot - which in itself did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - but they certainly were not to be found in " Down To Earth " .
0	We had to go to an appointment , so we turned on the DVR to record the ending . After it was over , I looked at my husband and said , " Do you have a clue ? " . He shook his head no . I said , " So you made me watch the end of this movie and I have no clue what just happened " . He didn 't " make " me , but you know . The movie body itself was quite good . There was a lot of suspense . It kept you wondering . Then came the ending . The ending was ... well it just ENDED . You weren 't let in on what happened or why . Right up until the credits I kept thinking something would happen to explain it , but it never did . So I came here expecting someone figured it out and I just wasn 't paying attention . Nope . Here four years later , I 'm just as clueless as tom sawyer was . I still have no clue what went on . I 'm just glad I didn 't waste any $ $ to buy it because I sure would have been mad . OHHHHH ! I get it ! The end of the movie is what disappeared ! ROFL
1	Who doesn 't know Largo Winch in the France-Belgium-Luxemburg trio ( the three countries where the French " BD " or " Bandes Dessines " are massively published ) ? 18 years after the publication of the first comic book , which is itself an adaptation of a series of novels , it HAD to be adapted on screens . After a first - and failed- attempt with a TV show , the real thing begins . First of all , and that 's what most of the fans didn 't get , the goal of this movie is not strictly to adapt the comic book series . Some essential parts , characters and actions of the original are missing . The movie itself offers an alternative and more modern version of the series . As a 1st class-fan of the comic book , I must confess I was nicely surprised . The actors are good , so is the scenario , though it might seem too fast . I thus recommend this movie to all those interested by financial / political thrillers , but it is clearly not an alternative to James Bond or Jason Bourne series as I could read over the internet .
1	this movie probably had a $ 750 budget , and still managed to surpass Titanic. i rented this the day i crashed my mom 's car , and it was the only thing that cheered me up beyond belief ! it has to be tied with ' The Assult of the Killer Bimbos ' . Things to look for are : 1 . The drive in blow job chinese girl scene 2 . The bleach blonde in the sassoon shirt who never changes 3 . The Flinstone-like screech out driving 4 . The clashing ensemble worn by the redhead right before she gets killed ( don 't worry , i 'm not ruining any surprises , for it 's soooo predictable ) 5 . The guy who finds it necessary to howl . 6 . The mental patient who plays a convincing job of being insane by poking out the eyes of a maniquen . 7 . The hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest . 8. the womman writing grafitti on the bathroom wall . 9. last , but not least , the wonderful special effects--especially the stab in the boob that made a ... heaven help me ... popping noise. enjoy !
0	The Class is a comedy series that portrays a bunch of 27-year-old former class mates . I like the idea of the show . That 's why it saddens me that The Class is not funny , even though it has the obvious potential . It 's not enough corky , just dorky . ( Haha . ) This is due to a slowish tempo and the lack of actually hilarious punch lines . Also some actors have difficulties with timing . Most inventively written characters are the twins Kat and Lina Warbler ( Lizzy Caplan and Heather Goldenhersh ) but even they seem just a little too square for the good of the show . On the other hand the characters I find most uninteresting are the main character Ethan and the used-to-be- couple Duncan and Nicole . What bothers me with the series is that the only Latino character Aaron is being picked on for his accent ( even though by a non-respectable character , but anyway ) .
0	John Candy . Need we say more ? He is the main reason you should see this film . Most people don 't realize how gifted he was as an actor . Witness him changing from poor slob to horny jerk . Just a simple ( subtle ) facial change and off we go . There are many great bits in this movie and many really dumb bits . The best moments for me are the KUNG FU U scenes as well as the great moment when John ( in a trance ) goes up on stage and talks about how much he loves his girlfriend-that is how much he and his genitals love his girlfriend . I 'm sure reading this you might think this sequence sounds really crude . It is , but it is also very funny mainly because it is John Candy doing this bit . The story in general is pretty lame and Eugene Levy and Joe Flaherty ( both SCTV alumni with Candy ) are not given enough to do in the film . Levy has his moments , especially filming the wedding at the end ( think Rod Serling ) and the great scene when he is talking to his mother on the phone . Overall a good movie if you have had a tough day and need to put your brain on stupid . I give this one 4 out of 10 .
0	At least it 's not full of sensless violence or fluff . It 's also not very full of thought or a smooth storyline . This story had some potential but the director appears to have lost site of the green . The story is disjointed and goes off in strange directions , to no conclusion . I also don 't believe the director spent much time around a golf country club , either . Some of the depictions are absurd . Not very engaging .
1	Here I thought " Nanook of the north " was the last word in archaic semi-doc ' eskimo ' movies . How wrong ! As an avid sea-kayaker I stayed up till 330am to watch this hoping to get a glimpse of some hand-made ' skin-boats ' . The movie did not let me down . Any student of kayak / umiak construction should have a look-see here . ( Note to fellow SKers : they appear to be using Norton Sound kayaks with single blade paddles ) . But the film went way beyond this admittedly narrow interest . Even though there were as others have noted some little back-shot-fakey-bits the movie has so much heart they are just a minor annoyance . It was ( from this very amateur anthropologist 's viewpoint ) probably the perfect time to make this movie . Early thirties : the ' talkies ' are so new that they ( including Louie B. Mayer ! ) actually let the Inuit speak in their own tongue . And there is so much that was still , despite the infused melodrama , authentic . They are really whacking that polar bear , that whale and those caribou . A fifties version of this film would have been so cheesy with ' stars ' , Technicolor , etc. to gum it up . The seventies version ? Don 't even . A very good companion piece to this excellent movie is " White shadows in the south seas " ( 1928 ) Geograpically the mirror image to " Eskimo " it also deals with the relentless and profound disruption of Western culture / technology on an unsuspecting people .
0	John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie . I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film . Anna Farris was par for the course , not good , but not horrible ( plus she 's cute ) . Dianne Keaton should have known better . Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie ( even though it was poor judgement on his part as well ) . All in all , I would avoid this at all costs . I 'm just glad I didn 't pay to see it ! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of ' the dorky kid , ' unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops .
0	A Vietnam vet decides to take over a backwater town run amok , and anyone who steps in his path is eliminated ( including women ) . Released to theaters just prior to " A Star Is Born " , which turned his career around , this action-drama mishmash starring Kris Kristofferson is wildly off-kilter , thoughtless and mean-spirited . Filmed in Simi Valley , CA , the results are truly unseemly , with redneck clichs and mindless violence making up most of director George Armitage 's script . Armitage has gathered a most curious ' 70s cast for his film , including Jan-Michael Vincent , Victoria Principal , Bernadette Peters , and , in a bit , Loni Anderson ; however , the center of the whole thing is Kristofferson , who is gruff and rude throughout . It deserves points I suppose for being a completely unsympathetic drive-in thriller , but the bad vibes ( and the ridiculous climax ) coat the whole project like an ugly stain . * 1 / 2 from * * * *
0	I think this is almost all I need to say . I feel obliged to explain my actions though . I 've basically never seen such an armature production , and I mean that in all senses of the word . Although he physical camera work , boom MIC operation and other technical aspects of this film are laughable , unfortunately its not the only areas . Unlike some classic independent films that have been saved by their scripts great characterization and plot , this unfortunately has an awful script , awful acting and worst of all , awful annoying characters . It 's a crime that for the every independent film that gets , distribution like Haiku Tunnel , there 's a 101 other indie films that died silent deaths . I don 't know who the Kornbluth brothers know at Sony , but that can be my only explanation as to how this amateur family production ever got distribution . I 'm quite bemused as to why they picked this up . The ONLY part of this film that holds out any intrigue is its title . However , the reason for that is even a let down . I hope this review will save a few people that may be intrigued by this films title from going to watch it . I 've seen a lot of films in my time , and I 'm very forgiving when in the cinema , but this was too much . I 'll never forget ' tunnel ' , for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema . Shame it 's such a low point .
1	I think that most of the folks who have posted comments on this movie don 't understand how to watch a movie and / or have little sense of elegance . First , to assess a movie you need to understand the extent to which everything in the film works together . Modern sensibilities demand great drama . No , I don 't mean great setting of characters and plots , but they seem to demand emotional trajectories that are greatly tragic or greatly comedic . This is a subtle movie . Its beauty lies in its subtlety ( not to be confused with simplicity ) . Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie . It is a beautifully filmed movie that makes the most of combining sensuousness , politics , human weakness , venality ... you name it . The world it 's set in would be alien and not understood today ... a world where if you have it you have to flaunt it NOW and LOUDLY , even if you only think you have it . Many people today don 't understand that Victorian society wasn 't really Victorian as people understand that term today . This movie helps set the record straight .
1	The Ring was made from the only screenplay Hitchcock wrote himself and it deals , as many of his earliest pictures do , with a love triangle . At first glance , it looks like a more cynical update of the infidelity-themed morality comedies of Cecil B. De Mille , but more than that it is the first really competent Hitchcock picture . Even if he was not yet using the ideas and motifs of suspenseful thrillers , he was at least developing the tools with which to create suspense . As well as being a student of the German Expressionist style , the rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein had had its impact upon Hitchcock . But here he keeps tempo not just with the edits but with the content of the imagery . This is apparent from the opening shots , where spinning fairground rides brilliantly establish a smooth tempo . And like Eisenstein , the editing style seems to suggest sound for example when a split-second shot of the bell being rung is flashed in , we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the image is so jarring . There is also a contrast , particularly with silent films from the US , in that The Ring is not cluttered up with too many title cards . As much as possible is conveyed by imagery , and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either lip-read or at least infer the meaning of the bulk of the characters ' speech . And it 's not done by contrived symbolism or overacting , it 's all done by getting the right angles and the right timing , particularly with point-of-view shots , as well as some strong yet subtle performances . There are unfortunately a few too many obvious expressionist devices ( particularly double exposures ) , many of which were unnecessary , but there is far less of this than there is in The Lodger . Let 's make a few honourable mentions for the aforementioned actors . First up , the stunningly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role . In spite of his talent I was at first a bit confused as to why he got the role , as to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist ! But that just goes to show how much I know , as it turns out Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting . Playing his rival is the competent Ian Hunter , who would go on to have a lengthy career in supporting roles right up to the 60s . The most demanding role in The Ring has to be that given to Lillian Hall-Davis , torn between two lovers . She pulls it off very well however with an emotive , understated performance , and it 's a shame her career never lasted in the sound era . And last but not least the great Gordon Harker provides some comic relief in what is probably his best ever role . The Ring 's climactic fight scene is among the most impressive moments of silent-era Hitchcock . Martin Scorcese may have had his eye on The Ring when he directed the fight scenes in Raging Bull , as his watchword for these scenes was " Stay inside the ring " . The fight in The Ring starts off with some fairly regular long shots , but when the action intensifies Hitchcock drops us right in the middle of it , with close-ups and point-of-view shots . Hitchcock 's aim always seems to have been to involve his audience , and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often in immersing the viewer in the character 's fear or paranoia . The Ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger . It 's a much more polished and professional work than the earlier picture , and probably the best of all his silent features .
0	Where is it written that sequels must suck ? Scream 2 didn 't ! Others didn 't ! But this one sure did ... problems include horrible actors ( only Christopher Walken could act in the entire film ) , bad writing ( you will never understand what 's going on and I even have done research on the idea of Nephilim before ) , and just horrible choices for casting . Eric Roberts makes the stupidest Archangel Michael that I have ever seen in my life ! Avoid it like the plague unless you are desperate to see Christopher Walken . In that case just fast-forward to the parts where he is in the film , and avoid the others . Yech ! ! !
1	Now , admittedly , I 'm no ardent student of the genre . As a matter of fact , I 've tended always to shy away from Westerns because , in spite of all their critical cachet as America 's primal stories ( or whatever ) , they seem to me to forever devolve into tiresome retreads of either " shoot up the Injuns , " " the big gunfight , " or " Hey , let 's form a posse ! " In other words , it always seemed to me a genre so rooted in and tied to convention , that it left precious little room for surprise or originality . ( And yes , I HAVE seen at least some of the so-called " greats " , and unapologetically lump them into this negative assessment - including Stagecoach , Rio Bravo , My Darling Clementine , and of course the infamous [ but profoundly dull ] Clint Eastwood-Sergio Leone teamups in the ' 60s . ) But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of a commemorative Jimmy Stewart weekend upon his death - I finally GOT IT : I understood , at least in theory , what the Western mythos has to offer as a serious thematic preoccupation ( aside from just action and thrills ) . It is the push-pull between lawlessness and order ; the American West represented freedom , but also the prospect of the wild , the untamed . Respectable folk could get hurt out there . Which , of course , meant that perhaps - just perhaps - it wasn 't meant for respectable folk , and that the only residents should be the amoral and the shifty , those who dispensed justice strictly from the barrel of their revolvers , and where kill or be killed would ever be the law of the land . In such an environment , of course , the true heroes are the ones who are ornery and free-spirited enough to be out there in the first place ( and so reject " society , " at least as it manifested itself on the Eastern seaboard ) , and yet have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear just IS NOT RIGHT . Catching and examining that disparity between law and disorder IN THE MAIN CHARACTER HIMSELF is , I believe ( after seeing this movie ) , the highest and truest goal of any Western . Sadly , it is so often not the case , as the white hats are completely white , the black ones completely black ( and let 's not even get started talking about the Indians , ok ) and there is precious little shades of gray in between . Not in this one . Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant fortune hunter who follows the trail of miners before him into the Alaskan wilderness to prospect for gold . He is joined in this by his lifelong buddy , played by Walter Brennan ( perhaps the Western clich character to end them all - but nevertheless enjoyable here , as always ) - and no one else . Pointedly , they are out for themselves , and while Stewart displays his patented charm ( come on , we could never really dislike the guy , now could we ? ) , we are left with little doubt that his is basically a self-centered , self-interested character : none of his " Gosh " or " Oh golly gee " humanism is allowed to come through . Or , rather , it has to be EARNED , by the end of the picture , in the way I described above . He must confront the lawlessness in himself , and weigh it against the need for order and justice which are so blatantly lacking in the border town which serves as the miners ' starting point on their gold dust trail . This town is ruled tightly by its wicked sheriff , Mr. Gannon , played by John McIntire in one of the best " bad guy " performances I 've ever seen . He comes on with so much charm and humor , and has such a relaxed and interesting rapport with Stewart , that it actually takes awhile to recognize that he * is * the bad guy - so that when it finally sinks in , it does so with double force . Further , by establishing a type of breezy ( if necessarily guarded ) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart , the film plays up the notion of how close in temperament they really are - and so how far a moral distance Stewart must walk by the end of the film . I won 't go through all the twists and turns the plot takes - see those for yourself ( as well as the rugged and gorgeous Alaskan scenery - filmed on location , mind you , not cheap painted stills that the studio made up ) . What 's key here is how much this story focuses upon character , with great dialogue and character interaction substituting for gunplay much of the time - although the film has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from ever being static ( read : " talky " ) . Definitely one of the greatest performances I 've seen from Stewart , showing he could play the renegade , the " man 's man " just as convincingly as the decent and upright guy next door . If anything , in fact , his " everyman " qualities lend greater strength to his characterization , making him seem less mythic or overblown - -like , say , Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional personage . His relationship with Brennan is well-played : understated , but nevertheless touching ( with a faint suggestion of George and Lenny from " Of Mice and Men " - an altogether different type of " western " ) . I certainly have more Westerns to see , but this is for now my favorite , and the yardstick by which I will necessarily judge all the others . It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is .
0	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video . Of course it really wouldn 't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video . This one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential : Amy Adams ( am Oscar nominee and talented actress ) , Robin Dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent , and Sarah Thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas . The film is also misstated : this film takes place before Cruel Intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that . This was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films . Fortunately for the actors , hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes . So if you are looking to see something naughty , but don 't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter .
0	This movie is a mess . I 'm surprised it even has a theatrical release . WIthout Robin Williams it would have gone straight to video . It is poorly written . It is poorly directed . It 's worse offense is that it has taken an interesting topic and reduced it to a ridiculous and BORING thriller that has no thrills and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.Especially after the first half hour the movie dovetails into a series of ridiculous set pieces that are so over the top that the audience I saw it with was laughing at it . Save your money . The trailer is totally misleading - it is not suspenseful and there are no thrills - in fact the movie 's truly worst offense is that it is simply boring .
0	I 've been reading posts here concerning Wonder Woman 's costume for this TV movie . It should be pointed out at the time the movie was made , she wasn 't wearing her traditional outfit . The producers were actually sticking to the comic book writer 's conception of WW for the early seventies . As for the movie itself , I have to agree with many of the other posters here . Snoozefest ! I was a kid when it appeared on ABC in 1974 , so I was at the right age to have appreciated a movie about a comic book hero . Yet I was so " engrossed " with the plot , I stopped watching it three quarters into the movie . Of course , I wasn 't at the right age to appreciate Cathy Lee ! : - )
0	Very disappointing version of Lorna Doone . Too many missing characters , no romantic scenes , changes in story line , too short , appeared low budget . Hardly enough dialogue to understand the story if you 're not familiar with the novel . In some scenes it looks like Lorna has a cold sore on her upper lip . I 'm sure make-up did it 's best to hide it . I guess they didn 't want to halt filming until it healed up , pity . Most likely why this movie lacked kissing scenes . Only one disappointing kissing scene at the very end . Lorna Doone is a great epic tale and should be told true . The 2000 version of Lorna Doone is twice as long , more romantic , much more enjoyable and more true to the book .
1	The planning episodes were a bit dull , but when they reached the desert it was quite fun to watch . The reason why I call it the most realistic reality show is because , much to my surprise , Charley fell out of the race relatively early . When his hands were sore , I expected the usual stress and then a miracle fix , but instead he actually quit the race . The most anxious moment of the show must 've been when Max was stuck out in the desert with almost no water or food ! The ending was great and I was very happy to see at least one of the team make it . Overall , not as great as the Long Way Round , but definitely an interesting watch , as one gets a peek into the most challenging race in the world .
0	'The Omen 4 : The Awakening ' is a made-for-television sequel to the original ' The Omen ' film . Instead of Satan possessing the body of a little boy , he possesses the body of a little girl adopted by rich parents , who is bullied at school and who ends up getting revenge against those who do her wrong . The film seems to struggle with any horror factor , and a lot of the events that happen are simply silly rather than particularly frightening , and it is difficult to believe that this little girl is Satan , even with all of the events that surround it . I just did not find this film very suspenseful or frightening , particularly when compared to the original .
0	Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary between 1880 and 1980 , it 's the epic story of Hungarian Jews , the Sonnenschein family . This name literally translates to Sunshine . The family has humble beginnings , then is prosperous , becomes upwardly mobile , changes it 's name , and hopes to assimilate into Hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally . The story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations ; Ralph Fiennes plays these three roles . For those who missed the WW-II and the Holocaust in Europe , the Sonnenschein ' approach to life doesn 't work out very well . Sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success , but it is an opportunity missed . The story line , dominated by world history , is predictable and transparent ; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage . The family ' plot ' lurches from one predictable event [ ie. the Hapsburgs , WW-I , WW-II , Fascism , Communism , etc . ] to the next with little continuity , depth or detail . The Jewish assimilation theme is unfocused , and important sub-themes [ the ' secret ' diary and family philosophy ] that could have given the family character and credibility are l ost until the very end . Alternatively , the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity . Ralph Fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance but his performance is far from award winning material . The " 3 for 1 " casting format is a viewer distraction and feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater . Sunshine is basically Hungarian " History Channel " material . It has the look and feel of Winds of War morphed with Forrest Gump morphed with Something About Sex .
0	Having not read the novel , I can 't tell how faithful this film is . The story is typical mystery material : killer targets newlyweds ; woman investigator falls in love with her partner and is diagnosed with a fatal disease . Yes , it sounds like a soap opera and that 's exactly how it plays . The first 2 / 3 are dull , save for the murders and the last 1 / 3 makes a partial comeback as it picks up speed toward its twisty conclusion . Acting is strictly sub par , though it 's hard to blame the actors alone : the screenplay is atrocious . During the last 1 / 3 you stop noticing because the film actually becomes interesting , but that 's only the last 1 / 3 . Director Russell Mulcahy is very much in his element , but there 's only so much he can do with a TV budget and the network censors on his back . He 's pretty much limited to quick cutting and distorted lenses , though he managed to squeeze in a couple " under the floor " shots during the murders in the club restroom . Unfortunately , as this is made for TV , the cool compositional details he uses so well with a wider image are nowhere to be found . Note to producers : give this man a reasonable budget and an anamorphic lens when you hire him . Summing it up : this film is bad by cinema standards and mediocre by TV standards ( watch CSI , instead ) . If you 're in the mood for a film like this , I 've some excellent suggestions : pick up a copy of Dario Argento 's " Deep Red " ( my highest recommendation ; superb film ) , " Opera " , or even " Tenebre " . They 're stronger in every category .
0	After Life is a Miracle , I did not expect much . It 's hard to believe that these films were made by the same man as Do You Remember Dolly Bell , for instance . Zavet is two hours of silly antics with no story . The wild and unbridled humor of Underground seems to have degenerated into pathetic buffoonery here . It appears that Kusturica has been going steadily downhill since he started making life-affirming comedies , beginning with Black Cat , White Cat , which I think was great , but already had some disturbing signs of dementia . I liked his early films so much , and this is why it 's especially disappointing to see something like this . Let 's hope his next one will be great .
1	Having to have someone hold your hand whenever walk up or down stairs ? Having others taste your food before you eat it ? Facing an over-bearing mother ? These are only a few of the obstacles which the young Victoria has to deal with in this film ( there 's also the various power struggles going on , as well as attempts on her life ) . Needless to say , it makes for very fascinating and informative viewing . I had only previously seen Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada ( and little else ) . As she was in that film , she is once again the standout here . I was extremely impressed with her portrayal of the young Victoria , and thought she handled the role very well . She makes the transition from the young Victoria we meet at the start of the film to the Queen Victoria she becomes later entirely believable . Blunt is perfectly cast in the role , showing all the different sides ( from the vulnerable , to the strong , from the young Victoria who makes mistakes to the Queen who takes control ) . Not enough can be said about Emily Blunt in this role . She 's - quite simply - exquisite , commanding your attention every second she 's on screen . She keeps you transfixed up to and including the final shot of the film . Rupert Friend proves to also be well-cast as Victoria 's love interest ( and eventual husband ) , Prince Albert . The actors have nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship . They have their disagreements , but you can tell that they are in love . Blunt and Friend are excellent in every scene that they share and keep you interested in what is happening between Victoria and Albert . The other actors in the film are also very good . Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne , Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent , Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William . There is not a single bad performance in this film . The less-focused-upon people are well-portrayed also , given what little screen time they have . Even Victoria 's dog ( a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash ) is memorable and makes an impact in the film . Although the movie does tend to skip more than a few aspects of Victoria 's life - especially at the end - and instead * tells * us what happened ( with her and Albert ) on screen , what matters the most is what we actually * see * . This is , after all , a film about ' The Young Victoria ' ( not ' The Middle-Aged Victoria ' , nor ' The Old Victoria ' ) . While there are some embellishments made on history with this film , it remains focused on what it sets out to do - which is tell us the story of how the young princess rose to power . The movie looks amazing , the costumes Emily Blunt wears are visually stunning and the music only adds to the film , never detracts from it . It 's exceptionally shot and , unlike a lot of films these days , this movie is actually a good length , as it doesn 't run on so long that you lose interest or feel that it 's needlessly being drawn out . It goes without saying that what makes this film so great is Emily Blunt . She 's in fine form here , turning in another excellent performance and elevating this film above what it might have been , had another actress been cast in this rather important / historic role . This is one finely-crafted film , with excellent performances that should definitely be seen . If you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman who was extremely significant in history , this is a must-see .
1	Yes , Keaton looks like he really did enjoy making this film . With a skip in his step in his tailored pin-striped suits , he 'll remind you of Jimmy Cagney ! Johnny ( Keaton ) is the young hood who only does it to pay for his mother 's high-priced medical bills & to send his younger brother ( Griffin Dunne ) to law school . No one even knows Johnny Kelly IS Johnny Dangerously until later on in the film . Joe Piscopo is Vermin & doesn 't like Johnny one bit ( & I don 't like Vermin ) . Marilu Henner has a nice singing / dancing routine while Johnny revels in it . I love the part when they 're in the ever-changing getaway car ! The cop who 's " calling all cars " is the Skipper from Gilligan 's Island ! See this one for 1930 's gangster laughs ! The gags in this film are hilarious but you have to catch them or you 'll miss them ! Look in the background of every scene .
1	Maybe I 'm biased to foxes , fox stories and all but I thought this was wonderfully done . I really enjoyed that it was shown when Lily wasn 't comfortable , such as the fire and the room ( trying not to spoil too much here ) . I think that 's important for kids to see and try to understand . After reading a few others comments I 'm a bit confused , one says that at the end -spoiler- the mother and her son appear , as she 's been the one telling her son about her story . The movie I saw did NOT have the mother or son at the end , merely a painting of a girl with a fox . Can someone enlighten me on that ? Anyway I really enjoyed this movie , although some scenes can be a bit slow which might be difficult for high energy kids to sit through . Still worth it if they can sit still .
0	Ever wanted to eat worms ? Here 's a ' documentary ' to show you how ! Yeah ... The kid eats live worms ! And that 's about the most interesting part of the movie . This movie has been pretty well summed up by previous reviewers as rather boring . I 'm totally in agreement here . The movie just doesn 't go anywhere ... unless you 're fond of worm eating ! This is one movie it 's almost impossible to write a spoiler for ... because nothing much happens . Now on the technical side : They should have given that kid a haircut . Who 's he trying to look like anyway ... Bozo the Clown . It was almost comical ... I almost expected him to turn into the shaggy dog or something . And on top of that ; the kid was way too chunky to ever look hungry ! Should have kept him off the junk food for a couple of weeks before filming . All in all , this movie nearly put me to sleep . And my kids could only handle about 15 minutes before they left the scene for something more interesting . I will admit that the scenery was very impressive . And had there been a decent story to go with it , it might have made a hit . It did seem safe enough for kids to watch : The bear scenes and the ' oddball ' eyeball were too weak to frighten most kids , and the brief ' skinny-dipping ' scene didn 't show anything . I gave this one a very generous 3 .
0	To compare this squalor with an old , low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old , low budget porno flick . The animal scenes have no meaning nor do they represent this man and his crimes even in the broadest sense of abstractions . The synopsis on the back of the DVD case says in part , " gripping retelling of the BTK Killer 's reign of terror . " This is NOT a retelling . A retelling would suggest that you are being told the truth of what happened or how or why . None of these things are true . I 'm an enthusiastic studier of serial killers and have seen some pretty crappy movies about them and honestly , this IS NOT one of them . This isn 't even about the BTK killer . Save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent Dahmer instead . THAT serial killer movie is accurate and true . However , if you just HAVE to see this movie for yourself , check it out for free at your local library and even then , you 'll still feel cheated .
1	don 't mind the soundtrack , which is played out by now . Still , Debra Winger is always interesting and while this was an earlier role for her , she is quite good as Cissy , girl from the wrong side of the tracks , lived in trailer with Bud , ( Travolta ) , only to be replaced for a time by city slicker Madolyn Smith as a rival . I agree with an earlier review regarding Scott Glenn , he is used for plot only , thrown in to the mix to create suspense ; the story is predictable and contrived . Also , even though I am from the east , many of us did NOT like " Saturday Night Fever " , while it had its moments , the perpetual stereotypes are beyond criticism at this point . Worth seeing for Debra Winger ; she is still so likable , and never had that Hollywood persona we are subjected to by too many actresses today . 7 / 10
1	* * * SPOILERS * * * * * * SPOILERS * * * This is without a doubt the best film Rainer Werner Fassbinder ever made and even with the marvelous script the film is enhanced by a great performance by Hanna Schygulla . Film starts out with Maria ( Schygulla ) and Hermann Braun ( Klaus Lowitsch ) just getting married as the bombs continue to fall and Hermann is shipped out towards the waning days of the war and now Maria and her mother and sister must scrape by to survive . Maria decides to get a job as a dancer / prostitute in a club that caters to American GI 's and she meets a black Army soldier named Bill ( Greg Eagles ) and they start to see one another on a steady basis . Maria hears that her husband Hermann has died in the war so she gets very serious with Bill . But one day while getting intimate with Bill they see Hermann at the door . He hasn 't died and when he enters the room a scuffle occurs and Maria breaks a bottle over Bill 's head and he dies . Hermann takes the blame and he is sentenced to a long term in jail so Maria tells him that she will succeed at something and get him out . The war has ended and Germany must rebuild and one day on a train Maria meets Karl Oswald ( Ivan Desny ) who is a successful businessman in textiles and she uses her charms to get a job . Maria is determined to do well and climbs the corporate ladder and becomes Karl 's mistress . She tells him that she will never marry him but he is in love with her . Hermann gets out of jail but goes to Canada to try and get over everything that Maria has done since he has been locked up . * * * * * SPOILER ALERT * * * * * One day Karl dies and leaves Maria just about everything in his will and Maria buys her own house . Then Hermann finally comes home to his wife and they are both ready to start they 're marriage even though they have been married for some time now . But Maria leaves the gas on the stove and the house explodes with both of them still in it . There are so many interesting things in this film that its one of those movies that can be studied and talked about to great lengths . Like in all Fassbinder films the use of color is used in a very interesting way . As the film begins the tones are brown and gray to represent war torn Germany but as Maria starts to become successful they change to bright rich colors like red and white . The rebuilding of Germany with all the sounds of construction are used as only backdrop and the film stays focused on the exploits of Maria . Fassbinder did want the sounds of rebuilding to remind us of what was going on in Germany at that time . Hanna Schygulla was never better and her performance is the key to the success of this film . With a lesser actress this would have been just another interesting film but Schygulla is so strong that her performance elevates this film to an elite status . Schygulla shows Maria as very determined and smart but at the same time she uses her beauty and femininity to get what she wants . She 's not embarrassed nor does she feel guilty about this and Fassbinder wanted to show Maria as a woman who practically sells her soul to survive . Schygulla wasn 't nominated for an Academy Award but she gave a great performance that will stand the test of time . Fassbinder himself appears in the film as a peddler and his own mother Lilo Pempeit plays Frau Ehmke . I have heard many things about the ending of the film and it has to do with whether Maria purposely left the gas on . Later in the bathroom she is running water over her wrist and she appears to be sad . This is only speculation and if you think I 'm wrong please e-mail me . I think she was overly excited by Hermann being home and left it on by accident ( Remember her putting on a dress for no reason ? ) . Then when the will is being read to her its at that point that she learns that Hermann and Karl had become friendly without her knowledge and I think she felt that everything she had done was for nothing . Thats the reason for the bathroom scene . So when the house explodes its by accident . But I think the reason for Fassbinder having an ending like that is to show that anyone who would sell their soul has no business living . Fassbinder was fascinated by survivors but he was also incredibly passionate . In his view Maria can 't have it both ways . A fascinating film .
0	Alright , I got passed the horrible acting . I got passed the fact that Lil Kim was blasting some cannons and her arms or hands weren 't moving , I got passed the weaves , I got passed the colored contacts . This is what killed it for me : In the scene where the four roses were sitting at the table arguing . Lisa-Raye and Monica Calhoun stand up and , and then Lil Kim gets up to break up any hostilities by saying , " Whoa , Whoa , Whoa , Hold up . Let 's CHILL OUT here for a HOT SECOND . " I am a fan of the western movie genre , and I never heard anyone talk slang like this in any of Clint Eastwood 's movies . If anyone thinks this movie deserves over a 1 rating , please tell me another movie that 's worse than Gang of Roses . I 'm through .
1	An American in Paris was , in many ways , the ultimate mixture of art and Hollywood musical . Made at the height of MGM 's powers as a musical powerhouse , the film features memorable music from the Gershwins , who rightly have been called the 20th Century 's equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart . Gene Kelly was also at the height of his powers in this film , though it could be rightly argued that this movie was just the warm-up for his best work in Singin ' in the Rain ( 1952 ) . The two films are actually closely linked . Aside from the Arthur Freed connection , the Broadway Melody segment in " Rain " owes its existence to the incredible American in Paris Ballet sequence in this film . This might well have been the only time a dance number is specially mentioned in the opening credits of the film . And it deserved to be , as it showcases Gene Kelly 's skills as a dancer and choreographer to their utmost degree . The film 's cast is uniformly excellent . Leslie Caron , incredibly making her film debut , shows a maturity that makes you think she 'd been making films for years . Her introductory dance sequence , and later her work on the Ballet , provides some surprisingly sexy moments rivalled in MGM Musicals only by Cyd Charisse 's work in Singin ' in the Rain and The Band Wagon . Oscar Levant is hilarious as Kelly 's stoic pal , who gets two of the film 's best moments : during the end party sequence ( which I will not give away for anyone who hasn 't seen the film ) , and one of the film 's most memorable musical numbers which couples his incredible piano skills with state-of-the-art ( for the time ) special effects . Less memorable are Georges Guetary as Kelly 's romantic rival , though he does get a few musical highlights , and Nina Foch as Leslie Caron 's romantic rival . The May-December relationship between Kelly 's character and Nina 's reminded me of the same " kept man " relationship seen between George Peppard and Patricia Neal in Breakfast at Tiffany 's . There are a few elements of the film that made it less satisfying for me than Singin ' in the Rain . The Ballet , though lavish and well-produced , doesn 't really fit with the rest of the movie . Without giving away the plot , the Ballet just happens , with no real rhyme or reason . And unlike the Broadway Melody sequence , it really doesn 't have anything to do with the plot -- and in the best musicals , the songs always have some sort of raison d 'etre . Making matters worse is the ending of the film which happens immediately after the Ballet . Although the ending shouldn 't be a surprise ( this IS an MGM musical , after all ) , I was hoping for a bit more ... movie after the Ballet ended . It 's as if director Vincente Minnelli felt that he couldn 't follow the Ballet with anything else . The film literally left me in the lurch . That negative aside , An American in Paris rightly ranks alongside the best of Hollywood 's musicals . It doesn 't quite reach the heights of Singin ' in the Rain , but it comes close and it remains a testament to Gene Kelly 's skills as one of the greatest dancers of all time .
0	Once again the same familiar story about a man ( writer here ) who sell his soul to the devil in order to have his most desired ambition in life : success . Unfunny script ( we should " go home and write better " ) , ridiculous lines in order to understand the " strong " " Christmanish " message ( our only aspiration in life is to find love , respect and a good friendship ) and a very long trial scene at the end where the agent Hopkins beat the devil ( Jennifer Love Hewitt is no sexy or evil at all ) for all the bad things she made to this unlikable character . Not bad efforts from the actors ( Baldwin also as a director , Cattrall in a " Sex and the City " role again , Aykroyd with some funny lines in his limited role ) . P.S. Try also a not so popular film from Greece called " Alloimono stous neous " , a brilliant adaptation of this myth ( an old man give his soul to the devil to get back his youth )
1	As if most people didn 't already have a jittery outlook on the field of dentistry , this little movie will sure make you paranoid patients squirm . A successful dental hygienist witnesses his wife going down on the pool man ( on their anniversary of all days ! ) and snaps big time into a furious breakdown . After shooting an attack dog 's head off , he strolls into work and ends up taking his marital aggression out on the patients as he plans what to do about his " slut " of a wife . There are plenty of up-close shots of mouth-jabbing , tongue-cutting , and beauty queen fondling , as well as a marvelously deranged performance by Corbin Bernsen . The scene in which he ties up and gases his wife before mercilessly yanking her teeth out is definitely hard to watch . A dentist is absolutely the wrong kind of person to go off the deep end and this movie sure explains that in detail . " The Dentist " is incredibly entertaining , fast-paced , and laughably gory at times . Check it out !
0	The line is funnier in England , where , away from Vixen ! ' s native America , the word " fanny " has a whole new meaning . Sadly , it 's the only laugh you 'll get in this terrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny . Oddly unalluring with painted-on eyebrows , Erica Gavin ( Acting ability : zero ) is a nymphomaniac who lusts after her own brother , but rejects his black friend while making derogatory remarks about watermelons . As if in revenge , he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony . Reference is also made to " making it with monkeys " . Gavin 's ability to shake and tremble with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is matched only in it 's lack of appeal by her seduction dance which involves a bonfire and a haddock . Personally , I preferred the haddock . For ' 68 this was pretty tame stuff , and belies the controversy it attracted at the time . A character claims to be " getting stoned " , though it 's only on bourbon , and for one of the original " X " certificates , there 's no full frontal nudity . Just six years later we would be getting Timmy Lea and his Confessions , but here we have to make do with topless shots . Only Gavin 's final seduction of her own brother really shocks . Another activity for Vixen is where she helps settle the sexual problems between a married couple by sleeping with them both . The two women clearly aren 't enjoying acting out their scene together , and make a poor effort to disguise it . After Vixen irons out their disharmony , the romantic husband concludes of his wife " I guess she 's got it coming to her ! " The only near-worthwhile segment involves an unusual discussion of Cuban Communism . It seems out of place with the rest of the film , though is spliced with shots of Gavin 's breasts to rope it in to continuity . This then leads into a vague anti-Vietnam stance , which is commendable , though dropped in the middle of such a frivolous film it seems trite and insensitive , not to say downright tasteless . Incidentally , the part of would-be Communist Niles Brooke is taken by Harrison Page , the same Harrison Page who played Captain Trunk in amusing comedy Sledge Hammer ! Page must be embarrassed by his back catalogue ( Which also includes Meyer 's Beyond The Valley of the Dolls ) , though Meyer apologists would have you believe the terrible dialogue , lousy acting , sloppy direction and dire editing are not just part of the charm , but wholly intentional . As a defence , it fails to hold water . The irritating incidental music a cross between the tunes they play in cinema restaurant ads and muzak used by TV stations when the transmission breaks down is omnipresent and intrusive ; while even the silly , amateurishly skewed camera angles can 't generate interest . A wonderful world of jazz saxophones , where women have been " asking for it " , black men or " shines " aren 't good enough for anyone , and rape is an acceptable form of revenge . Absolutely abysmal .
1	WOW , finally Jim Carrey has returned from the died . This movie had me laughing and crying . It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from . Jeniffer Aniston was great , she will finally have a hit movie under her belt . If you liked liar liar you will love this movie . I give it 9 / 10 .
0	This is a fascinating film--especially to old movie buffs and historians ( I am both ) . During the first half of the twentieth century , sadly , Black Americans were usually not allowed into White theaters . As a result , theaters catering to Black audiences wanted to show films reflecting the Black experience and showing Black actors . In many cases , the films were essentially similar plot-wise to standard Hollywood fare , but with a much , much lower budget--and usually horrid production values . You really can 't fault the film makers--they just didn 't have the money and resources available to the average film company . As a result , they had to make due with a lot less--including an over-reliance on stock actors that were seen again and again , no money for re-shooting scenes and a need to get the films done FAST ! This film tried very hard to be a Black version of a Gene Autry film--starring Herb Jeffries instead . Jeffries was a light-skinned man from mixed ancestry and he starred in several similar cowboy films . In each , he sings a little , fights a little ( though VERY poorly ) and loves a little--everything you need in a cowboy . Believe it or not , Jeffries is STILL alive at age 96 . The general plot was indiscernible from an Autry picture--complete with anachronistic items such as telephones out West ! The problem is that despite its similarities , the low budget shines through . Stymie ( from the Li 'l Rascals ) flubbed a few lines but they just left it in , the fight scenes were totally unchoreographed and were among the worst ever put on film , there were some odd plot holes , there was no background music ( leaving the film strangely quiet ) and the acting was pretty awful . Now this does NOT mean that the film isn 't worth seeing--only that it abouts with technical problems that prevent it from being scored higher . One reviewer , oddly , scored this film a 10 ! How this can be with all the problems is beyond me . However , I can understand a person liking the film despite its many problems . The plot is generally pretty good , the characters likable , the musical numbers excellent and you know that the people making the film tried so darn hard AND it 's a very important piece of American history . But a 10 ! ? By the way , in an odd bit of casting , the very tall , lean and almost white-skinned Jefferies is paired with short , dumpy and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland ... as his brother ! ! Also , Spencer Williams may be familiar to you . He played Andy on TV 's " Amos ' n Andy " .
1	Australia 's first mainstream slasher film hits the screen with a bang . And a stab . And a slice . And a scream or two . And plenty of blood , frights , red herrings and lots of laughs . In fact , there 's lots of first surrounding Cut - it 's the first script of Dave Warner 's to be produced , although he has several others either optioned or in negotiation ; it 's the first major film from director and former Hoodoo Guru Kimble Rendall ; and it 's also the first film for producer Martin Fabinyi . And for a bunch of guys dipping their toes into this genre for the first time , they sure know their stuff . Cut tells the story of a bunch of Australian film students who hear about a slasher film , Hot Blooded , that was never finished because its director , Hilary ( Kylie Minogue ) , was killed by the actor playing the psycho killer in the film . Despite their lecturer ( who was assistant director on the night Hilary died ) warning them that whenever someone tries to start up production of Hot Blooded again someone dies , director Raffy ( Jessica Napier ) and producer Hester ( Sarah Kants ) decide to go ahead and complete the film . They put together a crew and manage to get the original star , Vanessa Turnbill ( Molly Ringwald ) , to return to Australia - in fact , to the original location - to complete Hot Blooded 14 years after shooting shut down . Of course , this being a slasher film , lots of bloodletting ensues long with plenty of laughs , a few good scares and a rocking Aussie soundtrack . Cut shows that Australia can make a good , mass-market horror film just as well as Hollywood . It 's a finely crafted feature , with excellent special effects , a taut plot and a killer - Scarman - that 's a welcome addition to the ranks of Michael , Jason and Freddy .
1	A warm , touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality . Ellen Burstyn is , as always , superb . Samantha Mathis has given many great performances , but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory . Most of all , you 've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old , Jodelle Ferland . I was so captivated by her presence , I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again . She is a miracle of God 's creation . Judging by the high IMDB rating , I 'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress .
0	Nathan Detroit runs illegal craps games for high rollers in NYC , but the heat is on and he can 't find a secure location . He bets chronic gambler Sky Masterson that Sky can 't make a prim missionary , Sarah Brown , go out to dinner with him . Sky takes up the challenge , but both men have some surprises in store This is one of those expensive fifties MGM musicals in splashy colour , with big sets , loud music , larger-than-life roles and performances to match ; Broadway photographed for the big screen if you like that sort of thing , which I don 't . My main problem with these type of movies is simply the music . I like all kinds of music , from Albinoni to ZZ Top , but Broadway show tunes in swing time with never-ending pah-pah-tah-dah trumpet flourishes at the end of every fourth bar aren 't my cup of tea . This was written by the tag team of Frank Loesser , Mankiewicz , Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows ( based on a couple of Damon Runyon stories ) , and while the plot is quite affable the songs are weak . Blaine 's two numbers for example are identical , unnecessary , don 't advance the plot and grate on the ears ( and are also flagrantly misogynistic if that sort of thing bothers you ) . There are only two memorable tunes , Luck Be A Lady ( sung by Brando , not Sinatra as you might expect ) and Sit Down , You 're Rockin ' The Boat ( nicely performed by Kaye ) but you have to sit through two hours to get to them . The movie 's trump card is a young Brando giving a thoughtful , laid-back performance ; he also sings quite well and even dances a little , and is evenly matched with the always interesting Simmons . The sequence where the two of them escape to Havana for the night is a welcome respite from all the noise , bustle and vowel-murdering of Noo Yawk . Fans of musicals may dig this , but in my view a musical has to do something more than just film the stage show .
0	I basically found Eden 's Curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch . However , there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70 's in the choice of settings and clothing . The " back to the earth " philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent , as portrayed in many later versions of the 70 's was right on , as was the " don 't ask don 't tell " pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals , except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia , where I imagine the " good ole boy " mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one . Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images . I felt it was very unfortunate that " gay culture " took on certain standard forms in the 80 's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles . I appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without " the scene . "
1	This movie made me very happy . It 's impossible not to love the smart and sweet orphan girl who changes the heart of a selfish lawyer only interested in pursuing success in her career . This is a very optimistic movie and I sincerely believe that we need more films like Curly Sue . It touched my heart .
1	I have to agree with Cal-37 it 's a great movie , specially for the family , Kelly Linch is beautiful , the little girl is really talented and cute , of course Jim Belushi has earned his strips ! But want I really liked was the piano song , if you 're a musician or not watch this movie just for that , you 'll know which it is . " You 're Nobody Till Somebody Loves You " Written by Russ Morgan , Larry Stock , and James Cavanaugh So have fun watching See ya , Nelson
0	IT was no sense and it was so awful ... i think Hollywood have a lot of film like that ... you don 't have do watch it. people cutter or eater what should i say ... it made me sick ! oh my god ! film is about people that we don 't know but feed themselves with Humans ! they have teeths bla bla bla ... isn 't that familiar ? i can bet on it you saw it in a another movie. the cast was so great but i think scenario was really awful. and i should say that Bradley Cooper was totally awesome ... he 's so talented ... actually i said awful but i think it because of horrible scenes ... let me explain it. did you ever eat tongue ? but in the film one person did it ! it was really awful ... anyway i think film would so good without that awful human eater or cutter scenes ...
1	" Bleak House " is hands down the finest adaptation of a Charles Dickens Novel ever put on screen . Alway one of My favorite novels , I was exteremely pleased with this Television Mini Series . The late , great Denholm Elliot was perfectly cast as the noble John Jardyce and Diana Rigg was sheer perfection as the doomed Ladty Dedlock . The film captures the essence of Dickens era and is extremely faithful to the book , oly making minor plot cuts that do not effect the story. over all a brilliant , moving and atmosphereic film .
0	I really do not have any clue as to why some people find the power rangers television show even remotely interesting at all . The costumes are completely ridiculous and the people playing in them also look completely foolish at the same time . There is absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power rangers . This is just a higher priced television commercial designed to sell extremely cheesy plastic garbage to the unsuspecting children around the world . From the notes , I can see that it 's been banned in the country of New Zealand and from what I have seen , I can agree with their decision . Avoid this show at all costs , it 's terrible and ridiculous .
0	Val Kilmer , solid performance . Dylan McDermott , solid performance . Josh Lucas , solid performance . Three very engaging actors giving decent performances . The problem is , who cares about the plot ? John Holmes . Infamous for his well-endowments , a drug addict , and a guy who , despite contracting AIDS , continued to make adult films , just does not make an intriguing character . The story surrounds the events leading up to and the aftermath of a vicious mass murder that occurred in the late 80 's in Los Angelos to which Holmes was linked , arrested and charged with murder , and who ultimately was acquitted . Just like in the case of O.J. , the guilt factor , regardless of the outcome , ranged quite high in the " He did it " zone . There is no one to sympathize with in this film , as everyone is a self-serving criminal . There is just nothing remotely interesting here .
0	This is surely one of the worst films ever made . Each scene is painful . You will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor , the awkward camera work , the sexism and racism , the ridiculous story line , the wooden acting . Poor Joan Bennett ; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment . In all , dreadful .
0	Except for the acting of Meryl Streep , which is of note as always , I 'd avoid this film because it has a dated " Movie of the Week " quality about it . But it is worth watching if you keep the several understories in mind : How a couple endures media scrutiny , and how the different are treated . Throughout the movie the issue is the credibility of the different . Australians are different than " us " ( most of the rest of the world ) , so we ( most of us ) automatically come at it with an air of " oddness " about them . The couple involved is religious ( different than most of culture ) and Adventists ( different ) at that . So their lifestyle and mindset are suspect to begin with . Dingos are different animals than other dogs , so again we 're faced with oddness questions . The real story , then , is how society ( and the world ) treats the different , those who have different accents , different beliefs , than we do and how we treat what they say as suspect . It 's difficult to hear the phrase " A dingo took my baby ! " without laughing and there are humorous posts , sadly , all over the web about it . But in the years that followed the story and the movie it has been discovered ( as you 'll find in web searches ) that much larger children have been stalked by dingos . Research by experts in dingos have shown that it was not only possible but most probable that the baby was taken by dingos ( maybe a pair ) , extracted expertly from the clothing and eaten within moments without a trace . Yet what is left behind is the question of why people defended dingos when they were found to be endangering children rather than killing the dingo to save the children , why because a woman 's affect ( expression ) is so cold she is assumed to be guilty , and on and on . Haunting questions , with or without the film .
0	I found this on the shelf while housesitting and bored . How can people possibly give this a 10 ? It 's not just that it 's supposed to be a feel-good redemption film ( I think ) , because it doesn 't work on that level either . Weak plot , bad dialogue , terrible acting ; there 's just nothing there . Harvey Keitel is decent , but has nothing to work with , and Bridget Fonda and especially Johnathon Schaech are just terrible . The plot progression ( especially the relationship between Byron and Ashley ) makes no sense . It seems like the writers wanted the plot to go a certain way and made it , without actually writing in the necessary bits to make it flow . It 's only an hour and a half , but that 's 90 minutes of your life you 'll never get back .
1	This movie starts out hilarious from about the 15 second mark , and continues it throughout the movie . I cannot recall a scene where i didn 't turn to look at people laughing with me. he is the perfect actor for this roll because of the way he looks and the way he dressed . The comedic parts were great to see from actors not very big or popular . As you can see people do like this movie it is currently rated 7.9 on IMDb. i think it should be in 250 . Lets put it this way i haven 't seen this funny of a movie since American pie or the original vacation. see it if you want a laugh . I give this movie 2 of the highest thumbs up i have ever given since i found out about IMDb , great movie site .
0	Somewhere inside this movie is a half-hour episode from The Twilight Zone trying to get out . Whereas Cube was taut , well-made , claustrophobic and mind-engaging , I 'm afraid Cypher is a bloated , tedious rehash of several well-worn themes which just don 't add up to much , especially if you have seen almost any other half-way decent sci-fi film before . Cypher manages to drag all the way through its relatively short 95 minutes right to the incompetent ending . None of the characters spark off each other , and for a film made in 2002 the technology is truly cheesy . It is difficult to connect this tired and uninspired movie with the director of Cube . It 's not a bad movie , but it is most definitely not a good one . When you 've watched the grass grow and paint dry and are bored of your stick insects then by all means watch this film , but the other activities will probably prove more stimulating .
1	This movie was made in Hungary i think. anyway , the countryside is gorgeous , the people who play the farming folks were totally fascinating. their horsemanship is awesome . I got more into the native people , the farm life , and how heroic they were trying to hide Brady from the evil Nazis who where looking for these parachutists . They even sacrificed their life in several instances. the young orphan lad that Brady befriends was a sweet kid. you will marvel at the riding i think , and the action of trying to evade the Nazis. it is entertaining and comic in some spots and very tragic in others . Ladies have hankies handy , as you will be devastated at the end. i own it , and have watched it several times. in other words , not just a one time around flick. its a keeper ....
1	In 1978 a phenomenon began . The release of John Carpenter 's " Halloween " got people queueing around the block to witness the evil that is Michael Meyers . The critics loved it , the world loved it , it was imitated , and has gone down as one of the greatest movies in cinematic history. plot : 15 years after a murder took place , four friends ( all females ) are babysitting ( and having it on with their boyfriends ) on Halloween night . After escaping from a hospital the night before , Michael myers Returns to his home town to stalk these people . He murders 3 of them silently and subtlety . He does not speak . He walks slowly . He hides ... Only one of the friends escapes , after being saved by Doctor Loomis ( Michael 's pursuer and doctor ) There is one reason why Halloween works so well . Simplicity . We don 't know where Michael is , we don 't know why he kills , and he frightens us . They 're the only reasons why we are afraid . John carpenter wrote the movie , and directed . He builds unbearable tension throughout the story , and scares to such a degree , that sometimes we cannot watch . And the climax is truly startling . As horror , this is essential . It is terrifying and well acted . It is also mysterious . Michael is a force , not a human . A force that cannot be denied . The sequels focused too much around Michael and his " history " . This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown . Perhaps that 's why this thing is a masterpiece .
1	Pinjar is a genuinely good film , with great acting , good narrative , good presentation , touching emotions , etc . It seems to me that the quality of films that Bollywood is producing is quite improving these days , and this film is one evidence . No Bollywood movie that I can remember of made such an impact on me - I was literally thinking about the movie for hours - marvelling at the various emotional situations that test the human in a human . The film rests on the great acting of Urmilla Matondkar , and also some from Manoj Bajpai . Urmilla plays a girl in North India in the background of the partition , and all troubles seem sweet if compared with the problems she happens to face . A must-see film . A technically superior Bollywood product , which I feel is comparable to the best movies coming out of other countries in the world .
0	What is the point of creating sequels that have absolutely no relevance to the original film ? No point . This is why the Prom Night sequels are so embarrassingly bad . The original film entailed a group of children hiding a dark secret that eventually get them all killed , bar one , in a brutal act of revenge . Can someone please explain to me what a dead prom queen-to-be rising from the grave to steel the crown has to do with the first movie then ? Prom Night 2 had continuous plot holes that left the audience constantly wondering how did that happen and why should that happen ? But in the end , i guess you could call it one of those movies that is so bad , you end up laughing yourself through it .
1	WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history over the past few months . Cyber Sunday , Survivor Series and December to Dismember were appalling to say the least and so it was relying on its B brand show , Smackdown ! to attempt to end the year on a high note . Armageddon had two major gimmick matches in the Last Ride and Inferno matches , three Championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the shape of a tag team war featuring Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay . However , it was an amendment to one of those Championship matches that brought us not only the match of the night but also now a match of the year candidate when Teddy Long gave us fans an early Christmas present . T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship match from Champions , London and Kendrick against to Regal and Taylor to a four team Ladder match including MNM and The Hardy Boyz . I am not going to dwell on this match too much as nothing I can say would be able to do it justice . This has to be seen to be believed . There were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings . The one move I have to talk about however was the one that took Joey Mercury straight to the emergency room midway through the contest . Jeff Hardy jumped onto a ladder that was set up in the see saw position with Matt Hardy holding both members of MNM over the opposite end of it to take the full force . Unfortunately for Mercury he didn 't get his hands up to protect his face and took the ladder full force in the nose and left eye . This was vicious . His face was instantly a mess for all to see and not surprisingly this ended Mercury 's night early . We found out later he suffered a broken nose and cuts under his left eye . Be warned . This is not for the faint of heart . The ending to this roller-coaster of a match came after Paul London managed to grab both Championship belts for the victory . I have been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and it doesn 't get any better than this match . Unbelievable . The night opened with only the 4th ever Inferno match . Kane took on MVP in a good match but it was all about the visual and not really about the action . There were a few close calls with the flames for both competitors but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP onto the flames after they both ended up outside the ring . MVP ran around the ring whilst his butt was on fire and there was a sick part of me that laughed watching this . May I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP comes out next week on Smackdown ! to Johnny Cash 's Ring of Fire . The other gimmick match of the night , and the second match of a triple main event was an all out war Last Ride match between Mr Kennedy and The Undertaker . This was a stiff match from start to finish and was the best of the series Undertaker and Kennedy have had yet . The used poles , chairs and one scene had The Undertaker thrown 15 feet from the Armageddon set onto what was suppose to be the concrete floor . Unfortunately it was plain to see that this was nothing but a crash mat and crowd didn 't pop for this . The ending came after a chokeslam by The Dead Man to Kennedy on top of the hearse followed quickly by a match-winning tombstone . In other notable happening from the card . Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submission in another stiff match . This was a very good bout with Benoit hitting 8 German suplexes on Chavo at one time . Benoit was also considering whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not . Luckily he came to his senses and let her go . This led to Chavo attempting the roll up only for it to be countered into the sharpshooter for the submission . Another cracking match on the card was the Cruiserweight Championship contest between the longest reigning Champion in WWE , Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang . Featuring a lot of high flying and dangerous spots , some of which took place outside the ring , this was a match much more deserving of the crowd response than what it got . JBL put it best when he berated the fans in Richmond , Virginia for sitting on their hands during this one and at one point even started a boring chant . Helms picked up the duke after a jawbreaker type manoeuvre with his knees to Smackdowns ! resident redneck . The Boogeyman pinned The Miz in a worthless match . I hate The Boogeyman with a passion . Only worth listening too for JBL 's ranting about Miz . JBL is comedy gold . The last match of the night was main event number 3 . World Heavyweight Champion , Batista and WWE Champion , John Cena teamed up to take on Finlay and the Champion of Champions , King Booker . There was no way the match could top the Tag Team Championship match from earlier on but it entertained none the less . The match would have been more memorable had it been given an extra five to ten minutes but how many times have I said that about WWE matches this year already . It was King Booker who was pinned at the end of the match after a big Batistabomb . So 2006 is over for the WWE in regards to it 's pay-per-view schedule . It started the year on a terrible note with New Year 's Revolution but ended on a high one with Armageddon . This Ladder match will long be remembered as one of the greatest ladder matches of all time . My hat is off to all eight competitors who but their bodies on the line to give the fans one hell of a match .
1	This movie is the first of Miikes triad society trilogy , and the trilogy kicks of to a great start . The movies in the trilogy are only connected thematically , and these themes are actually apparent in all his films , if you look close enough . Shinjuku Triad Society is about a cop trying to prevent his kid brother from getting too involved with a rather extreme gang of outsiders , struggling their way to the top of Tokyos yakuza . The kid brother is a lawyer , and the triad gang is becoming increasingly in need of one , as the movie progresses . The movie takes place in a very harsh environment , and is therefore pretty violent and tough . Miike has done worse , but since this is a serious movie it hits you very hard . As usual there is also a lot of perverted sex , mostly homosexual in this one . The movie is in many ways a typical gangster movie , but with a great drive and true grittiness . If you 've only seen Miikes far-out movies ( Ichi the killer , Fudoh etc . ) this is worth checking out since it is sort of a compromise between his aggressive over-the-top style displayed in those movies and his more serious side , as seen in the other films of the trilogy . And as always with Miike , there are at least two scenes in this that you 'll NEVER forget ( see it and figure out which ones for yourself ) . 8 / 10
0	You 've gotta hand it to Steven Seagal : whatever his other faults may be , he does have good taste in women . If you pick a Seagal movie , chances are there will be one or more very beautiful women in it . And usually , they do not function as mere eye candy ; they get involved in the action and fight , shoot guns , kill with knives , etc . " Flight of Fury " offers the duo of Ciera Payton ( who has a very sexy face , with luscious lips to match Angelina Jolie 's ) and Katie Jones , and finds time to get them involved in both a catfight AND a little lesbian fondling ! And if it seems like I 'm spending a little too much time talking about them , it 's because the rest of the movie , although passable , is so unexciting that it 's hard to find much else to talk about . Ironically , the weakest aspect is probably Seagal himself , who looks as if he can 't even be bothered to try to pretend to care . This being a military-type actioner , there is very little fighting in it , and he doesn 't fit into his role ( a stealth fighter pilot , " the best in the world " , of course ) very well , which may explain his almost offensive sleepwalking . ( * 1 / 2 )
1	This horror movie , based on the novel of the same name , suffers from flawed production and choppy , amateurish direction , but it 's nonetheless strangely compelling . Unlike shocker horror flicks such as The Exorcist , this movie takes the viewer on a slow yet relentless dip into a pool of evil . It drifts into horror , which dawns on the audience with the same dreamlike slowness as it dawns on the poor girl who 's been unwittingly chosen to be the next sentinel . Her appointed task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from erupting into the world . This falls on her in atonement for her attempted suicide earlier in her life . The story is true to the book , which was riveting , but the way it 's edited can lose the viewer . There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved away and never explained satisfactorily , which hurts this film . That 's a pity . The Sentinel is not an edge-of-your-seat kind of flick ; it 's more a watch-and-squirm uncomfortably . Like a bad car wreck , there 's a compulsion to look even when it becomes unbearable . This movie isn 't all bad , and still has a capacity to shock . The cast was competent . Christina Raines was captivating as Alison , the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack from both sides , a pawn in the never-ending battle between good and evil . Chris Sarandon was good as her caring but ultimately self-centered boyfriend . Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives struggling to unravel the bizarre puzzle they 've been handed . Ava Gardner is elegant as the realtor unaware of the horrors lurking in her rental property . The gaunt elderly John Carradine , with his arthritis-twisted hands , is excellent as the dying sentinel who must be replaced . The devil is played to charming perfection by Burgess Meredith ; he 's so sweet and yet so evil . There are future stars hidden in this film : Beverly D 'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl , and Jerry Orbach playing successfully against type as a jerky television director . The damned souls at the end are portrayed by actual sideshow freaks and geeks . Whoever thought to do that was a twisted but brilliant genius . The horror that pervades the movie bubbles up unexpectedly , such as when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a flashback to when she found her father with his two whores . She relives her first suicide attempt , faces a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians , and sees a cat cut up as a cake . Time and again , she 's yanked back and forth through reality and fantasy , through dreams and waking nightmares , all the while lacking the means to cope . In truth , the devil is trying to drive her insane enough to kill herself before becoming the next sentinel . Will he succeed ... ? In summary , slow-moving yet indescribably creepy , well-acted but poorly directed , and a very typical 70 's horror film before the real shockers cut loose . ( No pun intended ) This movie may not work for those with a short attention span , but it can still send chills up the spine , and still can provide some low-key shock value . It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the realm of evil .
1	Cosimo ( Luis Guzman ) ends up in prison for car burglary and there he 's given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison ; so he has to get out of jail , fast . He tells his girlfriend Rosalind ( Patricia Clarkson ) to find a man who will do his time in prison for some money . But no one wants to do the time for Cosimo 's crime and yet everybody seems to know a guy who will do that . Soon bad boxer Pero Mahalovic ( Sam Rockwell ) founds out the details of this so called " perfect job " . First of all , I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone . This movie is remake of Italian comedy " I Soliti Ignoti " . I didn 't watch the Italian original so I cannot judge or compare those two movies . But " Welcome to Collinwood " is great comedy for itself , about four people trying to rob the money from the vault in one house . Everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast . Really excellent movie for these actors : Sam Rockwell , William H. Macy ( great ) , Isaiah Washington , Michael Jeter ( great ) , Luis Guzmn , Patricia Clarkson , Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their share in this project . Maybe to say that this movie is only comedy , isn 't fair . This is more then that . Because of one difference . All of thieves in this movie have very small wishes when they are asked : what will they do with their money ? It is mostly securing their future in very humble way . This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of that criminals . And not only them but also cop Babitch , who is presented like corrupted one ; so here directors Russo presents us fact that criminals and cop are the same . Actually all in Collinwood are ; and not only in Collinwood , cause all people chase money , on legal or illegal way . I don 't like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves . But , this one is exception . You have to love them all . Riley with his little baby and wife in jail . Toto with his pants . Cosimo with his line : " Your mother 's a whore ! " and all others . They are just like characters in my favorite comic , Alan Ford . They all trying to make some money , but simply they are out of luck . But they all did one good deed : they gave money to Riley , so he can get his wife out of prison . They are all heroes in my eyes , cause lots of " honest " people wouldn 't do that .
0	TV pilots , don 't you love them ? Quinn Martin tried this one out after being successful in a bunch of other TV detective movies , but this one goes nowhere except in the realm of MST where it belongs . Roy Thinnes is Diamond Head who takes orders from Aunt Mary to find super spy Lovejoy , I mean Tree . Zulu and Tso-Tsing are there for ethnic comic relief and not much else . Tree sucks as a bad guy despite all his disguises that makes him look exactly the same as he normally does . There 's more unnatural clothing fiber here than you can ever imagine ( required in the 1970 's ) and the show itself is so anti-climatic . Why did it not go to series ? You figure it out , it 's quite blatant . Again it 's fun for MST , but not a lot else ! !
0	Okay . Who was it ? Who gave Revolver 10 out of 10 ? Are you tripping of your head on Ecstasy pipes ? There were so many of you . Did you do it for a dare ? Is this some kind of cult ? Or did Guy Richie himself sign up 788 times under different names ? Before I say anything else , I 'll say this . Just because you don 't understand a film doesn 't mean that it 's not great . Maybe you 've had a bad day at work , or you sat down to watch a film after you had a row with your wife and then weren 't in the mood . Maybe there 's a more fundamental stumbling block- like you just don 't have the mental capacity or a highly enough developed philosophical sense to engage with it . BUT . And this is a very , very big but . The XXL elephant-sized mega-but to end all buts . PLEASE don 't confuse incoherence for complexity , and please don 't confuse this two hour non-squirter for an interesting film . Really . You may think you are pretty smart . You may even think of yourself as somewhat of a romantic figure : an independent thinker championing a masterpiece against a chorus of sheep-like naysayers . Please don 't . You 're embarrassing yourself . Revolver 's a waste of everyone 's time . If you thought about if for a few minutes , you 'd recognise it too . It was a waste of the cast , a waste of the crew , a waste of the caterers , and definitely a waste of the precious minutes ( you can 't get them back you know ) of anyone unlucky enough to sit through this unutterable , wretched mess . " No - wait , " comes a voice in the darkness . " You just don 't understand . Its NON-LINEAR . That means the story doesn 't go in a STRAIGHT LINE . This is actually the COMPLEX and SUBTLE work of an AUTEUR . It addresses difficult EXISTENTIAL questions . And anyway - they slated FIGHT CLUB when it first came out - didn 't you hear ? -Because they couldn 't deal with the COMPLEXITY . They 're eating humble pie now . Bet you hate Lynch films too , doncha ? " Hate to disappoint you , but I am quite a big Lynch fan . I rather like Memento , so a narrative told in an unconventional fashion doesn 't necessarily fill me with fear . And although I 've only studied it briefly a few years ago , philosophy interests me greatly . I don 't dislike Revolver for these reasons . I dislike it because it purports to be about weighty , big-brained topics but deals with them in such an insultingly superficial way as to be laughable . I 'm not much of a chess player , but Richie 's idea of how chess works seems to be that of a precocious four year old . I dislike it because the characters , without exception , totally alienated me . " Aha ! " cries the Richie apologist . " Guy is cleverly tipping his hat to Brecht ! " Just maybe you 're right . I think its more likely that he just can 't write a decent script for toffee . Comparing Revolver with Fight Club is actually really instructive . Fight Club has acid-tongued , nihilistic dialogue that makes you laugh . Revolver has stale fortune cookie reject one-liners that make your ears bleed . Fight Club has a great twist that makes you reassess everything that has happened . Revolver has , as far as I can tell , several incomprehensible twists that offer no satisfaction because ... well , they don 't make sense . If you keep pulling the rug out from under people , they eventually kick you out of their house . And then they lock all the doors and windows . And they never let you back in . Ever . Guy Richie seems to assume that being philosophical entails repeating a mantra of little buzz-phrases . Mostly they are spoken , but often they flash up on the screen with attributions . It 's almost pathological . But what makes this film particularly notable is the way in which something so incomprehensible can be married so neatly with all tired gangster clichs in the world . Ultimately its so inconsequential . You don 't care about anything . You don 't understand anything . You go home . Actually , there was a bit I really liked : the uptight assassin who has a crisis of confidence . He 's great . But I can 't recommend you see the film just to see him . He 's only in it for a few minutes . Please believe me . It 's horrible .
0	For starters , I would like to say that I 'm a fan of the American Pie series . Even though ' the naked mile ' and this one are the two worst , this one seems to be the downfall of the whole series . First of all , the best part of the film was that it was an American Pie film , which is always appreciated . However , there are tonnes of bad things to say about this film . First of all , the story has a very stale ' arc ' structure . First , there is the introduction of the characters , then the pledging of the beta house and finally the Greek Olympiad . Each of which has exactly 25 minutes of length . Apart from the general staleness of the plot , there is little to no character development , which makes a double whammy of a bad plot . Apart from that , I deeply disliked the stereotyping in this film . That is , showing the jocks as the extremely cool , only-thinking-about-sex guys , and explicitly displaying the geeks as inferior . Also , it shows females only as sexual objects , and males as only wanting to treat the females as sexual objects . Apart from that , the acting was also poor . With perhaps the exception of Steve Talley . So , in the end , a generally horrid film , if seen from a critical point of view . If seen from a teen point of view , I guess that it 's better , but this film is rated 18 + in most countries , so it shouldn 't really be seen by minors .
1	This is a lot of silliness about a woman from London who marries a tea planter from Ceylon whom she barely knows . It 's full of cliches , and the Liz Taylor character is not believable . It has a marvelous set , some exotic location footage . It shows Taylor at the height of her beauty . She looks stunning .
1	The Write Word What you see is what you get . Not really ! What Madhur Bhandarkar 's brave and brilliant ' Page 3 ' does is destroy the myth attached to the glam and glitterati that colour the pages of our newspapers and whose lives ( read party habits ) we follow with such maniacal fervour which only our intrinsic voyeuristic streak can explain . The page 3 phenomenon is as deplorable as it is enigmatic . How exactly did it gain such control over the printed word and when did it start to encroach into the front page is subject for another debate . Bhandarkar cleverly avoids that . He is concerned only with the mechanisms of this grotesque existence . And in doing that , he pieces together the various elements of this way of life . Like Robert Altman ( although I 'm not comparing Bhandarkar to Altman 's genius ) , Bhandarkar uses myriad characters to further his motive . Whether it is a page 3 wannabe NRI , the gate-crashers , the newly-rich , an upcoming model , a socialite politician or an erotic novella authoress ; all the characters are introduced with an objective and each of them has a separate character-sketch , even if their parts may be miniscule . And therein lays the film 's appeal . Konkona Sen Sharma plays Madhavi Sharma , a young and talented journalist who covers page 3 for Nation Today . Initially content with her job , she soon begins to see the ugliness of this underbelly that is covered by its fake and cosmetic profligacy . But Bhandarkar resists the temptation to make this subject into a moral-policing movie and avoids concentrating on one character alone . Hence the movie is not only about Madhavi , but also equally about Deepak Suri ( Boman Irani ) - Madhavi 's editor who passively accepts his role as a cog of a larger machinery , Anjali Thapar ( Soni Razdan ) - a socialite suffocating from the social pollution , Abhijeet ( Rehan Engineer ) - a homosexual make-up artist and Madhavi 's roommates Pearl ( Sandhya Mridul ) - the sassy airhostess and Gayatri ( Tara Sharma ) -an aspiring actress . It seems like an impossible task to assimilate so many characters ( and more ) in one story , but full credit to Nina Arora and Manoj Tyagi for penning a tight screenplay . The dialogues by Sanjeev Datta and Bhandarkar have been written with great attention to detail . Any narrative , no matter how good , can fall flat with the lack of genuine performances . Thankfully , ' Page 3 ' brims with actors and not stars . Konkona goes through her author-backed role with effortless ease . Ditto Boman . Sandhya Mridul gets the best written part , but almost overdoes it . Atul Kulkarni is wasted though with an underwritten character . At times , the director seems too keen to incorporate as much as possible ( paedophilia , homosexuality , etc . ) . But the contexts in which they are used do not make them look rushed . Ultimately , Bhandarkar 's attempt is to satiate our voyeurism , but he takes it a step further . He takes us inside the photographs and exposes us to the gruesome realities of this sect of humanity that strangely seems to be living in a different and remote world . These are the same people that indulged in new-year 's revelry while a few hundred kilometers away their fellow countrymen had been ravaged by nature 's ferocity ! Clever writing , skillfully incorporated songs , able performances and a genuine feeling of sincerity are what make this film worthy in spite of its lack of finesse and poor production values . ' Page 3 ' is an optimum way to enter a new year of cinema . - Abhishek Bandekar Rating- * * * * * Poor * * Average * * * Good * * * * Very Good * * * * * Excellent 29th January , 2005
0	Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher ( ha , ha ) , a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one . Although he 's witnessed a treasure being buried , he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank . Thus , Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts ( do you place an ad for that ? ) and help lead a path to the treasure . It 's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film . Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director , and given Medak 's talents in the film The Ruling Class , you can probably guess which of the grainy , poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director 's chair . Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film 's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain . He 's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned , so that he can keep this off his resume . Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate , with even Sellers ' makeup and hair looking quite terrible . They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it . With lines like these , I can understand any possible unease : PIERRE : ( about to be hanged ) You 'll pay for this . SCRATCHER : No , I won 't . I 'll do it for free . And that 's one of the GOOD jokes . It 's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults , but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago ! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program " A Show Called Fred " starring Sellers , Milligan , and directed by the great Richard Lester ?
1	In his otherwise excellent book , Lincoln in American Memory , the historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr.Lincoln a " boring , dreadful , film " . This amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics . I am working on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass . As part of my preparation for writing the dissertation , I made a careful analysis of this film , and of Tag Gallaghers brilliant interpretation of it in his seminal book on Ford . Young Mr. Lincoln comes out that culminating year of the first phase of Ford 's cinematic authorship , 1939.In that greatest of Hollywood years , Ford directed three superb , still not fully appreciated films : Drums Along the Mohawk , Stagecoach , and Young Mr.Lincoln. It might seem odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated , all but the most purblind of critics must perceive that it is one of of the greatest Westerns , and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest films of all time . However , what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy-a triptych , in fact . Ford is creating a sort of mythic history of America on screen . Drums Along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War . Young Mr.Lincoln is pre-Civil War America.Finally , Stagecoach is Post Civil War America . What the three films have in common is that they are an extended meditation on the American Adam and his " errand into the Wilderness " . What are the Psychic and social costs of American manifest destiny , as America strives to build a new human city in the wilderness ? Lincoln symbolizes Americas journey , as he seeks to reconcile the civilizational inmpulse ( law ) , with the freedom of the wilderness.Young Mr.Lincoln is not history , ( It is full of historical " howlers ' -as both Ford and Trotti were well aware ) , but myth . This is Lincoln , the symbol of justice and mercy , Lincoln , the man of the wilderness , striving to found a civilization within himself , and to become the " remarkable lawgiver ' of young America . Young Mr. Lincoln is not history-like James Agee 's long forgotten teleplay about Lincoln , and like Sandburgs biography , it is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem .
1	Cute film about three lively sisters from Switzerland ( often seen running about in matching outfits ) who want to get their parents back together ( seems mom is still carrying the torch for dad ) - so they sail off to New York to stop the dad from marrying a blonde gold-digger he calls " Precious " . Dad hasn 't seen his daughters in ten years , they ( oddly enough ) don 't seem to mind and think he 's wonderful , and meanwhile Precious seems to lead a life mainly run by her overbearing mother ( Alice Brady ) , a woman who just wants to see to it her daughter marries a rich man . The sisters get the idea of pushing Precious into the path of a drunken Hungarian count , tricking the two gold-digging women into thinking he is one of the richest men in Europe . But a case of mistaken identity makes the girls think the count is good-looking Ray Milland , who goes along with the scheme ' cause he has a crush on sister Kay . This film is enjoyable , light fare . Barbara Read as Kay comes across as sweet and pretty , Ray Milland looks oh so young and handsome here ( though , unfortunately , is given little to do ) , Alice Brady is quite good as the scheming mother - but it is Deanna Durbin , a real charmer and cute as a button playing youngest sister Penny , who pretty much steals the show . With absolutely beautiful vocals , she sings several songs throughout the film , though I actually would have liked to have seen them feature her even more in this . The plot in this film is a bit silly , but nevertheless , I found the film to be entertaining and fun .
1	McConaughey in a horror / thriller ? I had to see this . I was pleasantly surprised . The plot is told in flashback mode , and it concerns an otherwise normal and happy family of three going through a very bizarre predicament . I can 't say much more without spoiling the whole movie , sorry . Just know that if you decide to watch it , you 'll be , in the very least , surprised . All the main players are very good . Bill Paxton did a great job directing those kids , and his acting is awesome . McConaughey 's acting is solid throughout and fits the bill perfectly . This movie challenges you to think . Is Dad crazy ? Is there a God ? Do Demons exist ? How far would you go to right a wrong . And what is " right " anyway ? I 'm still thinking . And thus I recommend " Frailty " . 7 / 10 and this is one of those movies that deserves and rewards a second , or even third viewing .
1	I also just got back from an advanced screening of Redeye and I must say I haven 't had so much fun at a movie in a long time . WES CRAVEN is at his best ever . He brings us an amazing end of summer thriller I was so desperately craving . This is THE thriller of the year .. no doubt . All the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun . The F / X were great . It steadily built suspense . I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie . It 's been a while since I heard an audience cheer and clap and get excited in a theater . If your looking for thrills , action and a GOOD plot this summer , REDEYE delivers . Go see it !
1	The thirties horror films that are best remembered are always the likes of Dracula and Frankenstein ; and there 's a very good reason for that , but there were a number of smaller but nevertheless excellent productions , and The Invisible Ray is certainly one of them . The plot is not particularly original and similar plots have been seen many times before ( even way back in 1936 ) but the way that everything is put together is certainly very imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer has created a very nifty little original horror film . The plot focuses on the good hearted Dr Janos Rukh ; a man who has discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth . His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa and so he sets off along with a team of esteemed colleagues to find it . However , tragedy strikes while on the expedition and the good doctor ends up becoming exposed to the element ; which makes him glow in the dark , and also sends him mad ... The biggest draw of the film is undoubtedly the fact that it stars the two biggest horror stars of its day - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi , and both give excellent performances . Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has plenty of meat for Karloff to impress with . Bela Lugosi has a role which is extremely different from what we 're used to seeing him in , and it 's a great performance from him also ; it 's nice to see a bit of versatility from Lugosi . The film does get off to a rather slow start ; but things soon start to pick up . The second half of the film is the best and that 's really when the film gets exciting and Karloff gets a chance to shine ( literally ) . The film does not put its focus on big special effects and largely relies on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting ; and it does work very well . The film remains interesting throughout and boils down to a very decent climax that wraps everything up nicely . Overall , The Invisible Ray may not be one of the very best horror films of the thirties ; but it 's a very good one and comes recommended .
0	60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape the isolated boarding school she 's brought to at the beginning of the movie . Is she running from some kind of fate too horrible to contemplate , a monster , black-gloved killer , or supernatural evil ? No , she 's running from a bunch of bullies . For the OTHER 40 minutes that follow , various figures walk around the school in the dark holding candelabras and looking alarmed or distraught , which doesn 't say much in itself perhaps because great movies have been made about just that but if you 're going to have characters walking around corridors and staircases you better be Alain Resnais or you better know how to light that staircase in bright apple reds and purples like Mario Bava . We know a killer stalks the perimeters of the school but his body count is pitiful and sparse and in the absence of the visceral horrors one expects to find in the giallo , we get no sense of sinister mysteries / unspeakable secrets festering behind a facade of order and piety and rightness which is the kind of movie La Residencia wants to be but doesn 't quite know how to do it . We know something is off because girls are reported missing but we never get the foreboding mysterious atmosphere that says " something is seriously f-cking wrong here , man " . When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the female students , he does so with quick-cutting hysterics and detail closeups of eyes and parted lips while high pitched " this-is-shocking " music blares in the background . None of the aetherial beauty and longing of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK to be found here . It 's all a bit clumsy and aimless , with no real sense of urgency or direction . A number of people are presented as suspects but there 's little reason to care for the identity of a killer that goes unnoticed by the characters inside the movie . I like the first kill , the image of a knife hitting target superimposed over the anguished face of the victim as a lullaby chimes in the background , but the rest is too inconsequential for my taste . I have to say Serrador did much better with the killing children and paranoia du soleil of WHO CAN KILL A CHILD ?
1	Like the Arabian Nights this film plays with storytelling conventions in order to make us feel that there 's plot , plot and more plot : it opens with what appears to be the frame device of a blind man telling the story of his life , then plunges into a flashback which takes us right up to the blind man 's present , where we discover that about half of the story is yet to come . ( It must be admitted that the second half doesn 't quite live up to the promise of the first . ) Like the Arabian Nights it tries to cram as many Middle-Eastern folk motiffs as possible into the one work . A freed genie , a beautiful princess , a flying carpet , fantastic mechanical toys , sea voyages , a crowded marketplace , a wicked vizier , jewels ... I don 't know why it all works , but it does . Everything is just so beautiful . The sets are beautiful . June Duprez is beautiful . Rozsa 's score is especially beautiful . As usual , it sounds Hungarian ; but somehow he manages to convince us that he 's being Hungarian in a Persian way .
1	I 'm tired of people judging films on their " historical accuracy " . IT 'S A MOVIE PEOPLE ! ! The writers and directors are supposed to put their own spin into the story ! There are a number of movies out there that aren 't entirely accurate with the history ... Braveheart , Wyatt Earp , Gangs of New York , Geronimo : An American Legend , The Last of the Mohicans ... all fantastic films that are mildly inaccurate historically . If you want to see a few great actors do what they do best , then I suggest you see this film and don 't worry about the accuracy of the facts . Just enjoy the quality of the film , the storyline and one of the greatest actors of our time .
1	An interesting thriller that has Paul Winfield as a detective on the case of a murder . Paul Winfield was an underrated actor who pulled off all his roles with such ease , it was hard to tell the man was even acting . Maybe most known by younger viewers as the voice / narrator of " City Confidential " , Winfield ends his career with a so-so movie ; but as always , Winfield shines . A treat to watch . Erika Eliniak is well , Erika Eliniak , nice to look at but leaves a lot to be desired in the acting department . Though , to be fair , this is one of her better efforts . Bottom line : a watchable thriller that shouldn 't be missed by any Paul Winfield fan . A decent telefilm to help send Paul Winfield off to celluloid heaven . What an actor . He will be missed .
1	As with a bunch of guys at school we must give this a thumbs up . Even the Grim Ripper made us smile . Those two alien things made me laugh , Bill and Ted were the stupidest yet the funnest in the entire movie . This is a lot better than the first one . And yet for some reason I feel that it misses something . Something big . Something important . Made a better house and girlfriends . No , I 'd say better villains . Use clones instead of robots.I gave this a 7 out of 10 because of those two robotic doinks . The Grim Ripper , don 't be scared he 's not the deathy kind , is funny . When he fell from the sky I split a gut . Splat , I 'm not sure about those aliens . What where they ? Scientists ? No way .
0	I 'd like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it takes a lot ( ! ) for me to dislike a movie but this one is without a doubt one of the suckiest , crappiest movie I 've ever seen ! I have no idea what 's wrong with the people who gave it such a good rating here ( imdb is usually pretty reliable when it comes to ratings ) ... the only thing I can imagine is that people must 've voted during one or more conditions : 1 . While being shitfaced / stoned out of their minds 2 . They 've received hard cash for the votes 3 . Under gunpoint I can 't believe I wasted a good 1 h 45 min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .
0	Another movie that relies upon the trite , worn-out clich of the mad scientist gone madder . The movie centers around a surgeon whose life 's ambition is to bring the dead ... back to life . I know , I know ... you 've never heard that one before ! Of course , as all of these movies go , the experiment goes very , very wrong and creates a maniacal , bloodthirsty creature . For this promising setup , you 'd think that it 'd be at least a bit suspenseful . Wrong . Like many movies of this era , the idea is nice , but the execution and the script is mediocre . Not the worst horror movie I 've seen ( no , Abominator : the Evilmaker 2 still takes the cake ) ... but not one of the gems , either .
0	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series , he would have cried . This was complete waste of time and money . I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be , CBS wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was Ludlum 's work . May be the creator should check out the Bourne Identity with Richard Chamberlain and see how good that TV series was . Poor Mira , Blair , Anjelica and Colm , why did they sign to stoop this low ? Horrible ! !
0	You know how sometimes you can watch a crappy movie with friends and laugh at all the shortcomings of the movie ? Well this was beyond that . I bought the DVD at Tower Records because it was like $ 3.00 and I 'd heard this was a movie you could laugh at . It is really nothing short of pathetic . About 30 minutes into the movie , my friends started asking me to turn it off . Around 45 minutes they begged me . After an hour , we compromised to fast forward to the end , so we could see how the conflict was resolved ( and because we had been watching the whole time for Matt Walsh ) . Seriously , don 't watch this movie . It is beyond painful .
0	This movie was pretty much a waste of an hour and a half of my time . I generally like the cheap horror monster type movies , but this movie was a disappointment . The main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures . When they entered the house and found the man he could have at lease explained them . He doesn 't really say anything about them other than that they killed his parents , and unless i missed something the didn 't say how he managed to escape either ... Not to mention the fact that it gives no clue or reason why the only survivor stays and essentially feeds the creatures after her own near death experience . It would have seemed that she would have had the opportunity to leave after the " cross incident " .
1	I loved this movie . First , because it is a family movie . Second , because it offers a refreshing take on dealing with the news of HIV in a family , with far less hysteria than what I have normally seen in the movies . The brothers are very close , yet are not judgmental . Their desire to protect the youngest brother is noble , but not needed in the end . I understand that Leo 's choice on how to deal with his treatment may not have been the most popular one with people , but I believed it was the right choice for him . I can 't believe that this was a french television programme . It had great production values . I gave this movie a ten , and I think you will too , once you have seen it .
0	If you have seen Friends , the writing will feel very familiar . Especially the last 3 or 4 seasons of Friends often share the same comedy setups . The show is about a group of people whose connection is that they shared the same class when they were still rather young ( about 10 years old I think ) . Now , they 're in their mid-twenties , and they meet again on a class reunion . This is where the series starts . A typical episode deals with multiple story lines at once . They 're usually not connected in any way . Each story line is cut up into multiple sections , which are then shown in a mixed order . The sketches is where my problems lie with this series . As in the later seasons of Friends , it 's often a rather silly setting with hard to believe situations . One of the main characters does something really stupid that 's hard to believe . The situation is then heavily exaggerated , as if it wasn 't silly enough . If you 're into this kind of in-your-face humor , then maybe you 'll like this series . For me it is a great turn-off . The reason I started watching Friends is because of the first few seasons . There are interesting and especially credible story lines , with some romance in it that makes you root for the characters . The Class has none of this . The characters are simply too forced and stereotypes are pushed too far . It 's therefore not possible to relate to them and like them . At least with friends , it took several seasons before it ran out of steam and the character traits were all milked out . But in The Class , it seems it has run out of steam before it even started .
0	The film looks super on paper . A romantic comedy in which a frantic lover gets dragged into a smuggling thriller should be generic cross-breeding gold , especially with this excellent romcomic cast . I 'm afraid Lawrence Kasdan simply gives his two stars too much rope though and they duly go and hang themselves . Adam Brooks ' script may well be to blame but you 'd expect better from the Kevin Kline of A Fish Called Wanda . Instead the two ping-pong off one another and the unlikely burgeoning romance is never reconciled satisfactorily with the reason either of them are in and dashing around France . Jean Reno co-stars amiably as the cop-with-a-heart and I guess wishes he was a star-with-a-part . Mind you he went on to do those Pink Panther remake ( s ! ) so perhaps he was OK with this ... 3 / 10
1	Utterly brilliant . Powerful and evocative . The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war . It 's tone offers a stark contrast to the often gung-ho attitude towards World War 2 that the media exhibits . Rather than opting for screaming about the horror of war , it allows Sir Laurence Olivier 's quiet voice to take a back seat to the true images of war : corpses everywhere , explosions , terrified citizens and soldiers , broken men , indifferent politicians , mistakes that cost thousands of lives , the suffering of the innocents . Most of all it truly brings home that mankind is capable of when all normal rules of " civility " are removed . There is something distinctly Hobbesian about man in a true state of nature , he will return to a more beastly form capable of crimes that will still shock and fascinate 60 years on . Perhaps there could be a follow up series called " The century at war " for the twentieth century was truly the century of horrors . I feel it is an irony of immense magnitude that it took an event which caused the death of 50 million people to produce such a compelling and excellent series such as this .
1	Six degrees had me hooked . I looked forward to it coming on and was totally disappointed when Men in Trees replaced it 's time spot . I thought it was just on hiatus and would be back early in 2007 . What happened ? All my friends were really surprised it ended . We could relate to the characters who had real problems . We talked about each episode and had our favorite characters . There wasn 't anybody on the show I didn 't like and felt the acting was superb . I alway like seeing programs being taped in cities where you can identify the local areas . I for one would like to protest the canceling of this show and ask you to bring it back and give it another chance . Give it a good time slot , don 't keep moving it from this day to that day and advertise it so people will know it is on .
1	This is a neat little crime drama which packs a lot into its 65 minute running time . It has all the right ingredients - a mystery corpse , a weary middle-aged cop Corrigan ( Walter Kinsella ) and his rookie sidekick Tobin ( John Miles ) , a shadowy killer on the loose and even love interest for the Tobin in the shape of a female botanist Mary ( Patricia Wright ) who helps solve the crime . There 's also a terrific shoot-out finale which takes place in a stone cutters yard . Watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where Lt. Corrigan refers to the dead woman as ' Tatooed Tilly ' BEFORE the coroner reveals that she had a tattoo ( confusing huh ? ) . Also later when Tobin is chasing the killer across the back yards he is suddenly shown going in the wrong direction at one point - no wonder he didn 't catch him !
0	I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson . He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood , Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness . However , I was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad , it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies . Because of that , this film wasn 't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans . Now I was wary about watching this film , as the title " Naughty Stewardesses " makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn 't be reviewing on IMDb . However , this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes . But , you could tell that the script underwent many changes , as for much of the film there isn 't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy ! The result of all this is total confusion . Sadly , none of the many parts are even good . For example , as a porn video , it shows surprisingly little AND it 's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes . Sure , for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet ! Then , when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent , as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy ! Talk about weird and inappropriate . Overall , there is little to recommend this sad movie . It 's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like " Naughty Stewardesses " .
0	Always enjoy great films which deal with the super-natural and the deep thoughts of the Spiritual world . However , this film just turned me off as far as its production and direction . There is nothing to go into deep discussion about what this story has to tell ; all I can say is that it was a big waste of time and effort to put it on the big screen . The actors , namely : Mark Addy , Thomas Garrett , gave an outstanding performance in his native land England , and we have seen him in " Still Standing " a TV Series . Heath Ledger , played the real wicked dude and we have recently viewed him in " Brokeback Mountain " , ' 05 , gave a great supporting role . Shannyn Sossaman , ( Mara Sinclair ) , did a good job of seducing a priest from a church not recognized by any faith . Don 't waste your time , you will be sorry !
1	You have to see it to believe it ! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done a thing really great , it is a 10 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so poor , unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie , with people , love scenes , and so on . I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are an excellent way to wake up us in order to save our beautiful planet . Finally , it has nothing to do with Al Gore 's documentary-movie " An inconvenient truth " mainly made of long monologues , painfully and with " truths " not always accurate , as many scientists have pointed already . The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth .
1	I have personally seen many Disney movies in my lifetime , though absolutely none of them match up in any way to Bedknobs and Broomsticks . Although I personally wouldn 't have crossed live-action with animation , it was an improvement on trying to dress people up as animation characters . The movie pits three evacuees from world war two who are sent to stay with a silent and socially awkward woman in the country . I would have to say that the casting was brilliant . Angela Landsbury made a perfect Miss Price , while David Thomilson made a great desperate entertainer love interest . Endings always surprise me and this was no exception . It was neither happy nor sad , though I do not know if this was intentional . The dialog wasn 't great , but considering it was designed to be a kid 's movie , that is alright . Overall , I would give the performance nine out of ten , the dialog six out of ten , the casting nine out of ten and the costumes eight out of ten .
1	Writer / Director / Co-Star Adam Jones is headed for great things . That is the thought I had after seeing his feature film " Cross Eyed " . Rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did . Cleverly written and masterfully directed , " Cross Eyed " keeps you involved from beginning to end . Adam Jones may not be a well known name yet , but he will be . If this movie had one or two " Named Actors " it would be a Box Office sensation . I think it still has a chance to get seen by a main stream audience if just one film distributor takes the time to work this movie . Regardless of where it ends up , if you get a chance to see it you won 't be disappointed .
0	I saw ' Descent ' last night at the Stockholm Film Festival and it was one huge disappointment . Disappointment because the storyline was potentially powerful , the prospect of seeing Rosario Dawson in a smaller intimate movie was exciting and , being a fan ( sounds pervy , I 'm not ! ) of ' rape / revenge ' flicks of the 70 's , I was needless to say very curious to check this movie out . My conclusion : let 's stick to the classics ! Yes , the storyline has potential but the dialogs are flat , the actors unconvincing . Even Dawson is empty . Some would say that it 's a right depiction of the college world in the US , that the emptiness of the characters serve a purpose and all that jazz but it just makes the whole movie unsubstantial . Just like the scene where Dawson gets raped : it seriously lacks intensity ! I wasn 't expecting anything ' Irreversible ' -style but still , aren 't we suppose to feel compassion for her ? I didn 't . Not for a minute , she was so lame all the way ; - ) And I read that the photography was impressive . Well , it is good indeed but nothing ground-breaking either . I must admit that the screening at the festival wasn 't so good so maybe I missed out something here but at the end of the movie , I couldn 't help thinking ' I feel like watching Argento 's ' Inferno ' again. lol . More seriously , the first scene in the club is beautifully shot and all but I had the bitter sensation of watching a longer and more boring version of the scene in the filthy bar near the American-Canadian border in Lynch 's ' Twin Peaks - Fire Walk with Me ' ... the crude red and blue lighting , the heavy bass music , the general lascivious / decadent atmosphere ... No , I just couldn 't get into this movie . Too bad .
0	1st watched 2 / 2 / 2003 - 4 out of 10 ( Dir-Jim Kammerud & Brian Smith ) : Drab and un-spectacular supposed sequel to the original classic animated `101 Dalmatians . ' Yes , the movie continues where it ended in the first one , but the problem is that it plays out much like the original . One of the great things about the original was the pacing of the story , which this one doesn 't have . The animation is also very un-spectacular for Disney and all we get is the same characters going thru the same kind of story all over again . When is Disney going to stop boring us with sequels and re-do 's etc .. etc . Probably when we stop renting or buying this mediocre fare that they have put out .
1	I have loved this movie ever since it 's debut in 1981 ! I have lost track of how many times I have seen it ! It never fails to make me laugh or cheer me up if i am feeling down . The three leads are fantastic and the script is priceless , plus how do you not get nostalgic hearing the theme song ? I think I quote this movie without realizing it . I basically know the entire script , so when someone is watching it for the first time I have to hold back saying something about how funny the next line it . I can 't even narrow it down , although , Sir John 's character probably gets the most memorable ones . The famous " I 'll alert the media " when Arthur announces his intention to take a bath is still priceless , but the list is truly endless . The scene 's at Arthur 's soon to be fianc 's father 's house are a scream , particularly his interactions with the moose . Do yourself a favour and see this movie !
1	This is a generally nice film , with good story , great actors and great songs . The cinematography was unfortunately bad . One of the film 's weakest points is the annoying chain of sequences copied from Pretty Woman . Why ? Does it hurt to attempt some originality , Abbas ? Mustan ? Anyone ? The film is about a newly married couple , Raj and Priya ( Salman - Rani ) . Priya cannot conceive after an accident she had during the previous pregnancy , and they finally decide to use a surrogate mother , who will carry their child . They pick Madhubala , a vulgar prostitute played by Preity Zinta . The film is not really realistic , I mean , isn 't it easier to adopt ? And even if they pick a girl , does it mean the man has to sleep with her ? Have you heard of insemination ? Anyway , I guess if the writers had heard of all this , the film wouldn 't have been made , so the concept is apparently intentional . Salman acts very well . It 's nice to see him playing a serious character . But his character suffers from unnecessary and cheap dialogues about his great love to his wife and how hard he finds it to sleep with another woman . Come on , it 's cheesy and unrealistic . Rani is just about OK ; she is generally effective and does try to do something with the role but gets completely overshadowed by Preity Zinta . The film belongs to Preity , who steals the show in a big way with her flawless performance . She makes the transformation from a loud prostitute to a sensitive woman easily and naturally . She lives the film , emotes and makes you love her and admire her at the same time , partly because of her role , partly because of her magnetic and positive personality . This is one of her career-best performances . There is no doubt she is more talented than her industry contemporaries . She just should do more such roles . The film 's ending only highlights what I said above . It is tear-jerking , exciting and very well-acted . Watch it for Preity . 7 / 10 for the film ! 10 / 10 - for Preity !
0	It 's been a long time since I last saw a movie this bad .. The acting is very average , the story is horribly boring , and I 'm at a loss for words as to the execution . It was completely unoriginal . O , and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood 's a pregnant Schwarzenegger ! One of the first scenes ( the one with the television show - where the hell are you ? ) got it right - the cast was 80 % of let 's face it - forgotten actors . If they were hoping for a career relaunch , then I think it might never happen with this on their CV ! The script had the potential , but neither 80 % of the actors nor the director ( who 's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor ) pulled it off . Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest . I 'm sorry , but if you ever consider watching this - I highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic , because not only it 's a total loss of time , but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like .
1	If you like cars you will love this film ! There are some superb actors in the film , especially Vinnie Jones , with his typical no nonsense attitude and hardcase appearance.The others are not bad either ... There are only two slight flaws to this film . Firstly , the poor plot , however people don 't watch this film for the plot . Secondly , the glorification of grand theft auto ( car crime ) . However if people really believe they can steal a Ferrari and get away with it then good look to them , hope you have a good time in jail ! When i first read that Nicolas Cage was to act the main role , i first thought " ... sweeet . " , but then i thought " ... naaaa you suck ! " but then finally after watching the film i realised " ... yep he suck 's ! " .Only joking he plays the role very well . I 'll end this unusual review by saying " If the premature demise of a criminal has in some way enlightened the general cinema going audience as to the grim finish below the glossy veneer of criminal life , and inspired them to change their ways , then this death carries with it an inherent nobility . And a supreme glory . We should all be so fortunate . You can say " Poor Criminal . " I say : " Poor us . " p.s. - Angelina Jolie Voight looks quite nice !
1	I was lucky enough to get to see this film many years ago in England . I 've seen hundreds of films since , but I 've never forgotten this one.Although Sinatra was playing a not very endearing character , he was excellent in the role.A lot of people seem to think that he did 'nt really come into his own until his role in " From Here To Eternity " but in my opinion he was magnificent in Concho.The other role that sticks in my mind is that of William Conrad.I 'd never see or heard of him before this film . Conrad plays a terrific part in this film.I remember his deep and gravelly voice and he uses it beautifully to enhance the few words he speaks with a menace that sets the tone of his character.Also I remember the music , that both introduces Conrad and and seems to surround him whenever he appears.An excellent film and my only disappointment was that I never ever got the chance to see it again . It seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth . I see in the titles that it says that the film is in black and white but when I saw it was indeed in full color , I remember Sinatra 's blue shirt .
1	I saw this movie a few months ago on cable , and it was fantastic . William H Macy is one of my favorite actors , and his performance was just amazing . He makes you care for his character , even when he is clearly doing the wrong thing , and Neve Campbell gives a performance that is with out a doubt the best performance I have seen by an actress this year . She is fantastic as a wild young woman who is wise beyond her years . Donald Sutherland is just plain creepy as Macy 's father , and John Ritter is fine as a shrink stuck in the middle of everything that is happening . I wish that this was in the theater because I feel that it 's a movie that should be view by a wider audience . That 's a shame , because it 's a hell of allot better that most of the new movies coming into the theater now .
1	Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit on their hands ( Wayne 's World , the first one , not the second ) . But most often they have duds ( It 's Pat comes to mind rather quickly ) . This time out it 's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man . This movie falls somewhere in between a hit and a dud . It was very funny for the first 20 minutes , but then , as usually happens with SNL skits , it starts to slow down , before finally ending , long after it should have . Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps , a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man . He answers any and all questions dealing with sex and relationships , usually in the crudest way possible . Everything seems to ultimately come down to the butt . After pushing the buttons of the station manager , Leon , along with his producer Julie ( Karyn Parsons ) gets fired , and needs to find another job . Out of the random blue , comes a letter from one of his ex-ladies . The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life , the only problem being that the letter isn 't signed . So Leon needs to track down all the women he 's been with to find the woman of his dreams . But sometimes , as Billy Dee Williams says in the film , the woman of your dreams is standing right in front of you . There is also a sub-plot about a bunch of guys who 's wives / girlfriends have all slept with Leon , and they want to first figure out who he is ( by a tattoo he has on a part of his anatomy ) , then kill him . Leading this bunch of guys is , surprise ! Will Ferrell from SNL . First off , I thought the sub-plot was rather lame . The singing and dancing stuff was just completely worthless . I usually like Will Ferrell but here he just never clicked for me . And the rest of the guys were just schlubs who tagged along , and in the end all decided that having their wives / girlfriends cheat on them was in fact their fault . So back to the main story . The story basically centers around Leon and sex . So what it comes down to is , if you don 't like the character of Leon , you won 't like the movie . His voice , his mannerisms , his dialogue is what carries the movie . I am not a big fan of Tim Meadows . I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL . The only thing I ever really liked of his , was his Ladies Man skits . But the best thing about those , is that they usually involved the guest host ( remember the one with Cameron Diaz ? ) , and they were short . For about 5 minutes , they were pretty funny . And here , for about 20 minutes , it 's really funny . What I thought was good about the character in the movie , is that he stayed in character throughout . He never wavered from his wanted to just get laid persona . Until right at the end where there was this transformation , and the ever present speech to tie things up . Other than that , it was pretty good at keeping Leon as Leon , and not changing him into something less crude than he was . There isn 't a lot of substance to this movie , if you couldn 't guess . But like I said earlier , the beginning of the movie I found to be very funny . Some real laugh out loud moments , all revolving around sex and his crudeness . The problem of course with this movie , and most other SNL spin offs , is that these are characters that are only supposed to be shown for a few minutes at a time . Stretching the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult . That difficulty is obviously why they needed the sub-plot , because without it , this movie would have been a little under an hour . When it was good , it was good , but when it wasn 't good , it got to be boring . So overall , The Ladies Man wasn 't as bad as other SNL films , but it wasn 't as good as others . It had some funny moments , the first 20 minutes was pretty good , but the rest of it dragged on . There was an unnecessary sub-plot whose only purpose was to lengthen the film . The bottom line is , if you like Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps character , you 'll be able to watch the film . If he annoys you , don 't even bother going . Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some nice revealing clothing .
0	Well since seeing part 's 1 through 3 I can honestly say that they should have NEVER made part 4 . Everything from the tacky , and I DO mean tacky score to the really bad acting , I dare anyone to watch this and not be bored out of their minds . I mean parts 1 to 3 kept the vibe strong on the plot of Damion , but without him around in this one it 's just not the same . Sure by the end of part 3 I was getting a little tired of the continued story line 's , but it was a good closure at the end of the third one . Again there was no reason for a part 4 . Even if there was they could have done a MUCH better job than this sh * t I had to sit through , lol . There goes an hour and a half of my life i 'll never see again .
0	When I was 11 , Grease 2 was like crack . It was a classless , shameful , euphoric , and powerfully addictive experience . My sister and I would watch it , rewind it , and watch it over again and again and again until we passed out or became too confused and hostile to stand one another . So , if you are an 11-year old girl , and you reviewed this film as " brilliant " or " fun " or " better than the original Grease , " you have your fledgling adolescent hormones to blame and you can rest assured that this unyielding fixation with utter rubbish will pass . If , however , you are not a little girl , you have absolutely no excuse to suggest that Grease 2 was anything but an inane , artless , slipshod embarrassment for all who participated in its production , distribution , and / or consumption . For the sake of criticism , I will dignify the film now by explaining why it blows 1 . In a well-executed musical , the songs should advance the narrative or develop the characters . In Grease 2 , with a few debatable exceptions , to the music is obscenely pointless . Most of the songs appear to relate gimped innuendo about sex in an excessive and general way ( " Score Tonight , " " Reproduction , " " Do It For Our Country , " and " Prowlin ' " ) without making one concrete statement about any of the film 's characters or themes . Plus , all of the music is uncomfortably stupid and no one in the cast demonstrates even the crudest semblance of an ability to sing or dance . 2 . The T-birds should be badass , and if not at least somewhat likable , but instead each of them is an annoying wussy-dufus-loser . In the end , when Johnny Nogerelli offers Michael the sacred T-bird jacket and initiates him into the gang , Michael should kick it to the ground , spit on it , and duck away to fervently scrub any part of his body that was touched by it . But of course , he accepts it as if it is gold because despite the fact that they are a bunch of bumbling meatheads , there is no greater honor than to be one with the T-birds . 3 . Since Michael is beautiful , smart , kind , resourceful , and above average in everyway ( his musical impotence notwithstanding ) , it is feasible that Stephanie would ultimately embrace him when he reveals himself to be the man behind the mask . Stephanie , on the other hand , is a slovenly , slack-jawed , bubble gum smacking , dirty sweatshirt wearing , gracelessly rude and trashy dingbat . So aside from being pretty ( I guess ) , she harbors no likable characteristics , thus , audiences are given no justification whatsoever for the depth of Michael 's attraction to her . I could go on and on , but I didn 't want to mention the gross inferiority to its predecessor since there are apparently so many cranks out there who seem to feel that such a comparison is unfair . I will say this though , to those of you who think you want to revisit this mess for old time 's sake : Grease 2 is an experience akin to re-living your first kiss . Only you are 32 now and kissing a snot-nosed 13-year old kid with acne and slobby braces . The magic is gone and you are left feeling dirty and disturbed . Trust me .
1	What another reviewer called lack of character development , I call understatement . The movie didn 't bash one over the head with overexplanation or unnecessary backstory . Yes , there were many untold stories that we only got a glimpse of , but this was primarily a one-day snapshot into an event that catalyzed change in all of the characters ' lives . Henry Thomas 's performance was a really lovely study in the power of acting that focuses on reaction rather than action . Good rental .
1	maybe i need to have my head examined , but i thought this was a pretty good movie.the CG is not too bad.i have seen worse.the look of the creatures ( and by creatures i mean the good and the bad snake ) was pretty cool.the action scenes involving the snakes was really good , i thought.there are some lapses in logic at times , and the story doesn 't always make sense.but for a creature feature , there are a lot worse.a lot of the other creatures seemed lifted from other movies , so it 's not wholly original.i think the gist of the story is original though.there is a bit of similarity to Godzilla ( the Big budget American version ) which liked a lot.i didn 't like this movie as much , but i still say it was pretty good.i also liked the music.all in all , i think Dragon Wars is about a 7 / 10
1	Having been driven out of the house and into the theater by the sweltering heat , I could not have been more pleased . The Road to Perdition , directed by Sam Mendes ( American Beauty ) , is destined to become one of the greatest movies of all time . Perhaps I 'm just getting old ; perhaps I 've just seen the same themes recycled time and again . But this movie is indeed different . The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing out to the sea , contemplating the duality of his father 's legacy -- one of the best men to ever live , one of the most evil . This duality snakes its way throughout the movie . The story revolves around crime boss John Rooney ( Paul Newman ) and Michael Sullivan ( Tom Hanks ) , the young man Rooney once took in and who now serves as his personal " Angel of Death . " Rooney is tied by blood to his own son , but tied by love and loyalty to Michael . Young Michael Jr . , intrigued by the stories he reads , steals away in his father 's car one night while Dad goes off to " work " with Connor Rooney , heir to the family " business . " Connor lets the situation get out of hand , and what was meant only to be a warning turns into murder -- witnessed by Michael Jr . Upon the discovery that young Michael has seen what he should not have seen , the plot is set in motion as conflicting loyalties collide . Soon , Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son , pursued by contract killer Harlen " The Reporter " Maguire ( Jude Law ) . I will disclose no further details in order to avoid any potential spoilers . However , I strongly encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that present themselves in the movie : Problems between sons and fathers ( Michael Sr & Jr . , John Rooney & son Connor ) , between the world at home and the world at " work " , between good and evil , between those who pretend to be men of god and those who really are , between " clean " money and " dirty " , between the town of Perdition and Perdition as hell . And along the way , savor the visual brilliance of cinematographer Conrad L. Hall ( 9 nominations , 2 oscars for best cinematography ) : rain pouring off fedoras , shots through mirrors ( especially on swinging doors ) , tommy-gun flashes from out of the shadows , absent any sound . Not only has 75-year-old Hall given us perhaps the best cinematic product of his career , but 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances ever . Yes ... I may be getting old . But I 've seen a lot ... and this is fresh and invigorating . The Road to Perdition presents a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre , to films of the 40s , to dark comic-book figures lurking in the darkness , to villains and heroes , to American film in general . Go see it !
1	The movie is a real show of how unemotional and selfish the upper society has become . It has plenty of characters and each and every character is representing a different category of person . No character is 100 % good and moral unlike the heroes of all the typical Indian movies and no character is 100 % bad rather all are just different . The movie is a very perfect mixture of emotions , drama and entertainment . For the very first time i liked a movie that has raised some social questions . I would recommend all to see the movie . Madhavi Sharma is a journalist who covers those hip-shaking parties of Bollywood for the Page 3 of the newspaper but this is the story of how she becomes a crime reporter for the newspaper . But this is not all , then it shows how she couldn 't survive there and when she helped rescue some innocent children , how brutally her voice is suppressed . Even she is fired from the job . Then she couldn 't find a job of crime reporter and has to do Page 3 again . Not only her but a very very large number of characters are interwoven in the movie and all gives different feeling while watching the movie . I would really congratulate the director for making such a great movie . Please do not afford to miss it .
1	I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies and really couldn 't understand her appeal . She couldn 't dance for peanuts , she didn 't attempt to sing and as for her acting - she seemed in a trance . But I hadn 't seen her silent comedies and this film is wonderful . Rather than kidding her own image , as has been suggested here , to me it seems a satire on Gloria Swanson , who did start off in slapstick comedies , went on to highly emotional women 's pictures and did end up marrying a Count . Marion , a top mimic , also did a funny rabbit imitation whenever she wanted to be seen as grand , that was Gloria Swanson spot on ! ! ! Colonel Pepper ( Dell Henderson ) has motored all the way from Georgia to Hollywood , determined to prove that his daughter , Peggy , ( Marion Davies ) will be the greatest star ever . Their hope dwindles and they are down to their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone ( William Haines ) who works at the slapstick studios and promises to get Peggy a job . Peggy thinks she is going to be a great dramatic actress but the studio think she is a fantastic comic . They convince her to make the film and at the preview she is a great success . Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph but she doesn 't recognise him and treats him pretty rudely . " Who was that short little guy " - when she finds out she faints ! ! ! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly she is on her way . There is a funny scene where she sees a star she doesn 't think much of - it 's Marion Davies ! ! ! She finally gets a chance of being a dramatic actress - but she can 't cry ! ! ! It is a hilarious scene as the director tries everything to get her to cry and when he succeeds , she can 't stop ! ! ! Her new leading man , Andre ( Paul Ralli ) convinces her to forget her comedy past and become elite and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire ! ! ! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her dad - she has developed a " STAR " personality ! ! ! When the slapstick studio picks the same location as " Patricia 's " movie , Billy is thrilled to see her but quite unprepared for her snobby attitude . When she calls him a cheap clown he realises that she is not the girl he once knew . After a studio luncheon ( a magnificent panning shot of some of the greatest stars of the day ) " Patricia " gets a call from the Boss . It seems her films are a flop and no theatres want to book them - the public are tired of her mannerisms and want the old Peggy back . She and Andre decide to get married , she dreams of being a Countess ( even though Billy says that Andre used to serve him spaghetti in a little cafe downtown and is no more a Count than he is ) . On her wedding day , Billy visits and after a hilarious custard pie fight she realises that Billy is the one for her . It was amazing to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert is seen going through the MGM gates , Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn , who not only wrote " It " but several racy romances that were made into MGM movies . William Haines , another actor whose movies I had always wanted to see , was great - especially in the cafeteria scene , he had wonderful comic timing . Harry Gribbon was hilarious as the comedy director - there were so many hilarious scenes in this film and Marion was at the top of them all - I 'm giving this film 10 out of 10 . Highly , Highly Recommended .
0	First off , I have to say that I loved the book Animal Farm . I read it with my 9th grade class , and it was great . We also decided that watching the movie would be beneficial . The movie was so disappointing to me . The movie cuts out some characters , and misses a lot of the main points of the book . It skips around a lot , and doesn 't explain anything in detail . If someone was watching this movie without having first read the book , they would be confused . The most disappointing thing in this movie to me , was the ending . The ending in the book was the most powerful , and in the movie , they changed it ! It was supposed to be the pigs and men in an alliance and sort of " melting " together , but instead , the movie made it seem like the animals were going to rebel against the pigs . To sum up , I don 't think that this movie captured the real meaning that Orwell portrayed in his book .
0	The IMDb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film . It should have read ' Be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family 's church at 8 years old , listening to the preacher drone on about God 's will while all you can think of is getting back home to your Lego ' . It starts off well intentioned , building intrigue by planting some real and surreal clues such as Renny 's ' how did the cut on my thumb heal so fast ? ' moment . It then slowly morphs into a Christian jamboree , sacrificing its plot completely in a wash of evangelistic-induced babble . I believe I counted the use of the word ' pray ' about 53 times in a five minute span near the end . After the 31st , I tried to twist the context of the word to its synonym , ' prey ' . Sadly , this little mind game of mine made the film at least bearable for the last 20 minutes . Plus it made me laugh whenever a character would say ' prayer ' ( ' preyer ' to me ) as it became totally zany . Indeed , even my Catholic wife sunk in her chair from boredom , almost to the point of ending up on the floor . For all the salivating Christians who ranked this film 8-10 stars , I suggest sticking with your theology-reinforcing safety standards like Circle Square , The Ten Commandments , anything from Narnia , Jesus Christ Superstar and the like . Stay away from more cerebrally challenging subject matter in films such as Jesus Camp , The God Who Wasn 't There , What Would Jesus Buy , or the soon-to-be released Religulous . Maybe Robert Whitlow 's book is better .
0	Almost as tedious to watch as it was to read , Evening is a gorgeously produced failure ... until Meryl Streep walks in and quietly shows her other cast members how to act this kind of stuff . Vanessa Redgrave is shockingly off in her role as the dying Ann and Claire Danes is a cipher . Perhaps if Vanessa and Claire had switched roles we could have seen the vibrancy in the young Ann that gave her entre to the rarefied world of the story and we could have imagined that the older Ann actually was dying . I was hoping the addition of Michael Cunningham to the writing credits would smooth out the jumpy storytelling but alas . It gave me a headache .
0	There is absolutely nothing to redeem this movie . They took a sleazy story , miscast it , miswrote it , misfilmed it . It has bad dialogue badly performed in a meandering and trashy story . As badly as it fails as art , it fails even worse as commerce . Who could have been the target market for this . What age group ? What interest group ? Someone should make a movie about how and why they made this movie . That I would pay to see . I 've seen thousands of bad movies , and this ranks with " Sailor Who Fell from Grace " and " Manos " ... my choices as the three most unredeemably bad movies I 've ever seen . Everybody associated with it should be forced to make conversation with VanDamme for all eternity . I challenge you . Watch this movie and perform an academic exercise - how could you take this and make it worse ? I can 't think of one way .
0	The 1990 's begun to have day time talk shows sprout up left and right . Every network had one , and they all lacked one thing Originality . Ricky Lake was just another show to entertain the obese trailer park mother with a Marlboro cigarette hanging out of her mouth while breast feeding one of her dozens of toothless , illiterate children . The English language and other cornerstones of mankind where ruined by this shows existence . Titltes ranging from Girl you a Pigeon Head and so on . How could anyone want to watch this pure and utter garbage ? Has our society really became nothing more than a bunch of hill billy 's and dead beat fathers ? The people who appear on this show were Trash . The people who watched this show were Trash . Anyone that wishes to see this show re aired or put onto DVD is TRASH . People wonder why Americans are becoming huge piles of lard and too fat to even get jobs , its having shows like this tell them Its OK to be 500lbs overweight , and have 12 year old girls act like prostitutes . Having such trash on TV has ruined morals .
0	In the bygone days of the Catholic Church , a sin-eater was an individual that , through ritual , would take the sins of a dying person upon themselves . Often , these people were excommunicate or similar individuals who the church would not absolve , thereby denying them entrance into Heaven . The sin-eaters were seen as blasphemous , circumventing the chruch 's monopoly on redemption . Sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo , let the concept wander where it may , and you have " The Order " , a movie that combines " Stigmata " ' s religious anti-authoritarianism , " The X-Files " ' paranormal investigation , and " The Thorn Birds " ' sexual spirituality into an odd melange that sometimes works . Alex ( Heath Ledger ) is a rogue priest , one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians , a semi-heretical order of knowledge-seeking , demon-fighting priests . When Alex 's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances , Bishop Driscoll ( Peter Weller ) sends Alex to investigate . Tagging along are fellow Carolingian Thomas ( Mark Addy ) and Mara ( Shannyn Sossman ) , who was subject to one of Alex 's exorcisms a year prior . The three go to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy , ominous prophecies , demonic intrusions , and a man claiming to be the last surviving Sin-Eater ( Benno Furmann ) . Written and directed by Brian Helgeland ( who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half-hearted " A Knight 's Tale " ) , the film is an odd one , and difficult to classify . It wants to be several things at once -- supernatural thriller , religious intrigue , dramatic television pilot -- and only sometimes succeeds at any of them . This isn 't helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance . Ledger , in particular , has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance . Sossman , however , displayed the same disconnected performance that she 's given in all of her films ( most notably in " The Rules Of Attraction " ) . The plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs , leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of red herrings . Large gaps of narrative appear to be lost between scenes at times , which can be confusing for many , but this is also one of the film 's saving graces . The structure of the film -- coupled by the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film -- forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time when most films are blatantly obvious about everything ( the exception to this is historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of sin-eating , both of which are explained in dry exposition ) . Even at the beginning of the film , character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained . Combine this with the on-location shooting and judicious use of special effects , and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller , with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70 's / early 80 's . A brief mention here , as well , for the subtle and organic score by David Torn , a combination of minimalist orchestration and Lisa Gerrard-style exotic vocals . A very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity . A confusing plot , a lack of purpose , and sometimes sleepy performances would often damn a movie , but for some reason , " The Order " remains watchable . Many people will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibilities , and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it . Still , the film 's sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the DVD , which I 'm sure will be stocked with copious amounts of deleted scenes . A recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch . 6 out of 10 .
1	The story is about a little girl growing up in colonial Africa , but it is so much more than that . Anyone growing up in the South would experience the same things . A longing for another , one of a different race , that cannot be consummated . Even a glance is forbidden . There are no words needed . Their facial expressions say everything . It is the story of a black servant , Prote ( Isaach De Bankol ) and a white woman , Aime ( Giulia Boschi ) . Their desire for each other is so strong that they torture each other because they cannot have each other . The little girl , France ( Ccile Ducasse ) is lonely and spends all her time with Prote . She really can 't see this dance . One of the more irritating aspects of the film is the laziness of the colonials . They cannot even get undressed for bed by themselves . There world is about to end ; they just don 't know it yet . Their racist attitudes will be erased with their presence . I think I would like to visit this Africa . It seems so quiet ; especially at night when you only hear the animals .
1	As an old white housewife I can still appreciate that Laurence Fishburne is one of our finest actors. anyone who appreciates his work like in Deep Cover might enjoy watching the incredible acting range of this actor . Since I think this is his directorial debut it might prove even more interesting . All of the acting is quite good . If you can 't take lower Manhattan junky worlds or the reality of crime life ( not glorified action shoot-em ups ) then this is not a film you would enjoy . It is Mr. Fishburne 's usual contribution to incredibly subtle relationships . I would love to see Larry and Anthony Hopkins go at each other some day in a movie .
0	This is to the Zatoichi movies as the " Star Trek " movies were to " Star Trek " --except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big , shiny re-do , and also better made , if substance is more important than surface . Had I never seen them , I would have thought this good-looking but empty ; since I had , I thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient . The idea of reviving the character in a bigger , slicker production must have sounded good , but there was no point in it , other than the hope of making money ; it 's just a show , which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character 's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he hasn 't been already ( also , the actor wasn 't at his best ) . I 'd been hoping to see Ichi at a late stage of life , in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall ; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies , seasoned with more sex and sfx violence . Not the same experience at all .
0	I haven 't seen anything this bad since I walked out of the James Bond movie " Moonraker " twenty years ago . I managed to sit through the entirety of this one only because of Tilda Swinton , but there was nothing she could do to save this beast . As a cross between " Pi " , " Orlando " , and " Tron " , this movie failed miserably in every aspect of moviemaking . The characters were cardboard and unable to evoke any kind of sympathy . The plot was wholly unbelievable . The acting was , with the exception of Swinton , amateur . The computer graphics were worse than in " Tron . " Timothy Leary was extremely annoying . I could go on , but what 's the point . The only good thing I can say about this film is that Tilda Swinton was in it . I have no idea why an actress of her caliber consented to appear in such a dud , but she most likely regrets it now . Don 't waste your money or your time on this stinker . There 's nothing worth seeing here .
1	by saying that , I mean that this is not a well made movie but it 's a very good version of the real event and the best depiction so far.and if you are a WW2 buff then this is a treat for you , cause there are three out of four saboteur members playing roles in this movie . It 's theater acting at best but then this is still as said before a semi documentary . Me personally am a die hard fan of our nearly over-human heroes of the second world war , and there should be hundreds of these movies showing us what they did so it won 't get forgotten by next generations.Cause nowadays kids doesn 't read books , they watch movies . So if you want a action extravaganza , rent Private Ryan , this is the truth about lingering pain , outrageous endurance and the will to fight when all seems lost .
1	Audiences today will probably watch a film like Ossessione and not really consider how unprecedented it was during the time when it came out . The structure of the film really divorces from sap-happy Hollywood conventionsas well as other major theatrical elements . It relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light . Films of this naturethe neo-realist filmswere made to reflect the darkness felt during post-World War II times . Ossessione tackles some fairly provocative issues that were probably unseen on screen prior to the war , including : adultery , conspiracy , murder , pregnancy , etc . Aside from the one crane shot and certain musical swelling moments , the film aesthetic is very raw and gritty : shot on-location , uses natural lighting and most likely non-popular actors . All of these elements helped convey the issues explored in the film , yielding the following theme : Negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally . The two leadsGino and Giovannaare polar opposites , yet both carry the mentality : we 're bored and we want to be entertained . Gino is a drifter ; a lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations . Giovanna is a bored house-wife cemented in the familiarly of marital permanence : she doesn 't want to leave her home and husband , but would rather remain where she is because it 's safer . Gino 's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves ; the only difference is that she 's too afraid to live it herselfthat 's why she falls in love with Gino : he represents everything she wants but doesn 't have the courage to get . She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of living with her corpulent husbandGino is the perfect ticket into that world . The affair that ensues between the two most likely left audiences back in the 40 's feeling somewhat uneasy . I mean , films prior to the neo-realist age never showed such scandalous behavior on screen before . To say the least it was probably a bit alarming . In conjunction with the theme , the neo-realist style helps show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior . Succinctly put , adulterous behavior ( as shown in the film ) leads to depressing and ultimately deadened lives . When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to " eliminate " Giovanna 's husband , karma comes to haunt them like a plague after the deed is done . They return to their home : the atmosphere is dark and biting ( as can be expected from the neo-realist style ) . They are not happy ; they 're actually more depressed . They thought that by eliminating Giovanna 's husband that they 'd live happier lives , but they were duped . The film ends with Giovanna 's deathit being in karmic similitude of her husband 's death . I think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons . Here 's why . There 's a lot of talk as to whether or not evil should be depicted on screen , and if so , to what extent . I think depicting evil is very necessary if and only if the evil depicted is not being glorified , but rather shows what negative consequences evil actions have . As the subtext of Ossessione asks , is adultery and murder evil ? I think the film eagerly responds yes ! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are . Ironically though , towards the end of the film when they seem to be healed of their depression and are seen basking in each other 's arms inside the car , the author of the film shows that their happiness is , in fact , a faade : the car crashes off the cliff and into the river , killing Giovanna ; the police arrest Gino . I think it was the author 's intention to say that even though people sometimes try and justify their immoral behavior , in the end karma will come back to haunt them . I agree . I think the two got what was coming to them because they both were incredibly selfishalways wanting instant gratification and not willing to endure through hard times . This was especially made clear after the first sign of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experience in their relationship : he can 't handle the pressure of living in Giovanna 's husband shadow , so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl . Such is typical of the insatiable , hedonistic personality . All in all , the film seemed very risky for its time . The audience , however , was prepared to see such a film because of the sobriety the war brought . Those pre-war , happy-go-lucky films were no longer being believed . Movie-going audiences were ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters : they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so-called ' sin ' because it was a reflection of their own life problems . Ossessione , then , acts as a great catalyst for where the future of film was heading . That is , a lot of the naturalism pieces we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neo-realist film movement .
1	This is a unique and bold film . It 's energetic , with highly developed characters . Very good performances . I love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think ... Bret Carr dares to look inward , ask questions , and dig underneath the surface . By the nature of the film , it practically demands that the viewer look inward as well . It can take some courage to do this . I can see how some close-minded people might find this quite disturbing . However , I found it thought-provoking , much more than just entertainment . Bret Carr is truly an original filmmaker , with vision . I am curious to see what he will do next . Watch him .
1	The basic storyline here is , Aditiya ( Kumar ) is the spoilt son of a millionaire , Ishwar ( Bachan ) who owns a toy industry , in Ishwar 's eyes his son Aditya can do nothing wrong , Aditya 's mother Sumitra ( Shefali Shah ) warns Ishwar to bring his son to the responsible path before it is too late , for Ishwar is a patient of lung cancer and has only 9 months to live , when his son elopes and marries Mitali ( Chopra ) , Ishwar readily forgives Aditya , but when the happy couple Aditya and Mitali come back from a honeymoon , Mitali is pregnant , and this forces Ishwar to kick Aditya out of the house to make him more responsible , Aditya doesn 't know his father is suffering from lung cancer , and he also doesn 't know that his father has kicked him out of the hose to make him more responsible , Ishwar cannot bring himself to tall Aditya that he is about to die , with a hungry and pregnant wife. it is a race against time so Aditya does all he can to prove himself to his father , and the climax comes when Aditya gets his big break in the movie industry and his father tells him that he is about to die . This movie is absolutely brilliant , this is the breakthrough in Indian cinema that was needed for the Bollywood industry , Shah 's directing is almost flawless , but which movie doesn 't have flaws ? The best part if this movie is the father son relationship which is a tearjerker. the song interludes is just placed at the right time , the scenery is good , the only part where this movie fails is where the jokes between Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav the jokes are too long and after a bit they are annoying , but overall this is a brilliant movie , i advise anybody Reading this review to go and watch it regardless of other reviews . 9 / 10
0	Ever wonder why Pacific Islanders seem to automatically assume the sense of humour of Black Americans ? regardless of their ethnic origins ? Well this film will not provide any answers to this often pondered question - but it will provide an excellent case study . From its onset this film acts as a sort of " Old School " for Pacific Island New Zealanders , which immediately raises the question what exactly is the point of such a task . Is it meant to perpetuate ingrained stereotypes of Pacific Island New Zealanders ? or is it intended to exploit this potential market ? The story is weak , jokes humorless , and the ending is expected . This film has done nothing for New Zealand cinema , as it is merely an appropriated romantic comedy that is devoid of any merit .
1	I was never a big fan of horror movies . They usually try cheap tricks to scare their audiences like loud noises and creepy children . They usually lack originality and contain overacting galore . The only horror movie i like was Stir of Echoes with Kevin Bacon . It was well-acted , and had a great story . But it has been joined and maybe even surpassed by Stanley Kubrick 's The Shining , quite possibly the scariest movie ever . The movie follows a writer ( Jack Nicholson ) and his family who agree to watch over a hotel while it is closed for the winter . There were rumors of the place being haunted and the last resident went crazy and murdered his family . But Jack is convinced it will be OK and he can use the quiet to overcome his writer 's block . After months of solitude and silence however , Jack becomes a grumpy and later violent . Is it cabin fever or is there something in the hotel that is driving him mad ? One of the creepiest parts about the movie is the feeling of isolation that Kubrick makes . The hotel is very silent , and the rooms are huge , yet always empty . It is also eerily calm when Jack 's son is riding his bike through the barren hallways . Jack Nicholson 's performance is also one of his very best , scaring the hell out of me and making me sure to get out once in awhile . My favorite scene is when he is talking to a ghost from inside a walk-in refrigerator . The Shining is tops for horror movies in my opinion , beating the snot out of crap like the Ring and The Blair Witch Project . It may be a oldie , but is definitely a goodie . 8 / 10
1	The Korean War has been dubbed Americas 's forgotten war . So many unanswered questions were buried along with the 50 thousand men who died there . Occasionally , we are treated to a play or movie which deals with that far-off , ghostly frozen graveyard . Here is perhaps one of the finest . It 's called " Sergeant Ryker . " The story is of an American soldier named Sgt. Paul Ryker ( Lee Marvin ) who is selected for a top secret mission by his commanding officer . His task is to defect to the North Koreans and offer his services against United Nations forces . So successful is his cover , he proves invaluable to the enemy and given the rank of Major . However , he is thereafter captured by the Americans , put on trial as a traitor and spy . Stating he was ordered to defect , he sadly learns his commanding officer has been killed and has no evidence or proof of his innocence . He is convicted and sentenced to hang . However , his conviction is doubted by Capt. Young ( Bradford Dillman ) , his prosecutor . Convincing commanding Gen. Amos Baily , ( Lloyd Nolan ) of his doubts , he is granted a new trial and if found guilty will be executed . The courtroom drama is top notch as is the cast which includes Peter Graves , Murray Hamilton and Norman Fell as Sgt. Max Winkler . Korea was a far off place but the possibility of convicting a Communist and hanging him hit very close to home in the 1950 's . Due to its superior script and powerful message , this drama has become a courtroom Classic . Excellent viewing and recommended to all . * * * *
1	I read that this did not well , that the story is not solid , that Volckman feels he has failed in some way . I disagree . First , it is well executed . Volckman is doing well to not only to try a new technique , but to have a focus that is worth thinking about : would immortality reduce the value of life ? Big question ... I can see he trying hard to build a feeling , and he is not compromising . This is to be applauded . I am sure it was an interesting exercise to build characters in such a form . I have seen artists reduce a form to bare minimum to build the intensity of a moment . I identify this film with this . Further , it is much more interesting than Richard Linklater 's roto-scoping , and Volckman 's story has more meaning than Linklater 's later stories of a wasted life on drugs . Old news . Everyone knows it , but no one does anything about it . Renaissance has more to offer , something new to think about . And there are many more stories out there with loads of holes in them that do far better . Well done , Volckman . Really nice work .
0	Celia Johnson is good as the Nurse . Michael Hordern is good as Capulet , though it 's his usual neighing and whinnying and not a patch on his King Lear . John O 'Conor reads the verse well as Friar Laurence though he never takes it anywhere . Alan Rickman is good as Tybalt , in the first of his " yuk " roles that would make him famous . Christopher Strauli 's Benvolio is sympathetic . The sets are pretty , if not stunning as in some of the other BBC Shakespeare 's . And that 's it . The rest is weak to dreadful . Rebecca Saire turned 15 during production , and hasn 't a clue about how to act Juliet - she opens her eyes real wide and whines every line in exactly the same way . Patrick Ryecart is poorly matched to her , and his self-regard is inexplicable . The Balcony Scene flows smoothly and uneventfully with zero emotional or erotic impact . Their deaths come as a relief . If I had a dagger , I would have offered it to them hours earlier . Anthony Andrews is unspeakable as Mercutio , a great shock if you remember his fine work in " Brideshead Revisited . " He breaks the mirror of Shakespeare 's verse into a thousand shards of two or three words each , and then shouts the fragments in as disconnected and unintelligible manner as possible . In this production , Queen Mab abdicates . Awful . The director , Alvin Rakoff , shows only an intermittent gift of putting the camera where it will show us what we want to see . The opening brawl is notably incoherent . However there is humor when in a later fight , Romeo apparently knees Tybalt right in the cobblers . Tybalt then grabs the offended region . However did that get through ? R & J is a long play . This version is not recommended for classroom use , or much else .
1	Being a huge fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde , I was terribly excited when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it . I was not disappointed . In fact , this film greatly exceeded my expectations . Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors , I was prepared for brave yet not really that fulfilling performances , but am delighted to say that both of them managed to keep me captivated and believing the story as it went on . Moon Child has just the right amount of humour , action , romance and serious , heart-wrenching moments . I can 't say that I 've ever cried more at a film and these more tender moments are admirably acted by the pair , in my opinion , definitely proving their skills as actors . The fight scenes are absolutely stunning and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with , you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters . I thoroughly recommend this film to anyone , especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde .
0	When this cartoon first aired I was under the impression that it would be at least half way descent , boy was I wrong . I must admit watching this cartoon is almost as painful as watching Batman and Robin with George Clooney all those years ago . I watched a few episodes and two of them had Batman literally get his ass kicked left and right by the Penguin who fought like Jet Li and beat the crap out of Batman and I watched another episode where Batman got his butt kicked again by the Joker , who apparently was using Jackie Chan moves while flipping in the air like a ninja . Since when were the Joker or the Penguin ever a match for Batman ? and worse yet when were Joker and Penguin Kung Fu counterparts of Jackie Chan and Jet Li . It 's truly embarrassing , depressing and sad the way the image of Batman is portrayed in this show . The animation is awful and the dialog is terrible . Being a Batman fan since my boyhood I can honestly and strongly advise you to stay away and avoid this show at all cost , because it doesn 't project the true image of Batman . This cartoon is more like a wannabe Kung Fu Flick and if you really wanna see a classic Batman cartoon I strongly recommend Batman the Animated Series , but this cartoon is nothing more than a piece of S---T ! Get Batman : The Animates Series and don 't waste your time with this cartoon .
0	This is not a film you can really analyse separately from it 's production . The audience became the film-makers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry ; we felt so involved that viewing it becomes like watching the work of a friend . How is it possible to be objective ? This is our movie , isn 't it ? Or is it ? There may be nothing more disingenuous than a film-maker who promotes himself as the audience 's friend , giving them all the naughty treats that the nannyish critics would deny them . Just look at that prime self-publicist Eli Roth , promising gore-hounds all the viscera missing from literally gutless mainstream horror films , only to churn out a watered down and technically incompetent piece of work like ' Hostel ' . David R. Ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the internet response to his film , but he was , quite understandably , quick to engage with it . He took the carnival-huckster school of film-making to a new level , getting the fans to build what they would eventually buy . So many have enthused over this interactive , democratic approach to film-making that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of film-as-marketing . Nothing is included that the film-makers know the fans won 't buy , and any old suggestion that will get bums on seats is incorporated . The fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know . Isn 't this just the evolution of the focus group approach ? Individual creativity , talent , craft , ideas , all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses . It 's a critical commonplace that focus groups and test screenings don 't make for good movies - why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different ? Because we happen to be film fans ? Well , thank god for us , because otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake . So , yes , I had fun at the movie - a midnight showing , fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice-cream - but it actually had relatively little to do with the film , and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere . Like Christmas , everyone seemed determined that they would have fun , no matter what . There was laughter , but I don 't know if it was with the film , or at the film . With a film as calculated as this one , is that even a meaningful distinction ? There are some genuinely good aspects to the film . Samuel L. Jackson gives a well-judged performance , pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure . Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles , and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the lap dog is genuinely funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate . The stock characters are to be expected , but the total lack of suspense isn 't . What 's the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there 's no creeping menace ? There are several snake-jumps-out moments , but they 're incredibly badly staged . Only the annoying British man gets a decent pulpy death scene - the other killings are oddly flat . The demise of the honeymoon couple , for instance , is shamefully botched . Most of the actors fail to make an impression ; it 's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should seem so tired ( when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend the turbulent flight is a roller-coaster , she could be talking to the audience - the film falls far short ) . There are worse movies , but there are many , many better ; another reviewer on this site compared this film with ' Lake Placid ' , and it 's as apt a contrast as any I can think of . That film worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent , the jokes were funny , the suspense sequences were scary , and it wasn 't devised by committee . That the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus . I don 't need a post-pub midnight showing to have a good time with that film . This film will , in time , fade to become a mere footnote in film history . If it sets a precedent , however , I 'm genuinely worried about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years time . In all probability , nothing much will come of it . Perennial popcorn favourites - ' Raiders of the Lost Ark ' , ' Alien ' , ' Halloween ' and of course , ' Star Wars ' - just aren 't produced by group-think . In the mean time , I 'll tell you what - I haven 't half got a craving for some Ingmar Bergman .
0	I wanted to watch this movie , but one bizarre ridiculous scene after another forced me to shut it off . Character 's don 't seem to react to anything . Consider this : Heath Ledger is walking a night ( through a cemetery I believe ) when he is attacked by spirits , which he drives away . Once past this ordeal he calmly walks away and meets up with a friend that saw it all . When asked what happen he says blandly " attacked by demons , nothing serious . " , as if this is only a little more exciting than a flat tire . I shut it off when they go to ask something-a demon or something , I stopped caring-a ques ion . The answer can only be rented out of someone with the energy of their death , and the priest watch in what appears to be vague annoyance as a man is strung up and hung and they ask his thrashing , dying body question . 0 out of * * * * stars .
1	I saw this film in a London cinema in 1975 and have not seen it since . I found it hilarious . I loved it 's originality . It 's rare that someone MAKES a movie like this - and it 's sad too . What I mean is , I once read a book called " The Black Hotel " - and as a film-fan , I always " picture " books as films . Kinda " adapt " them , you know ? But as I read it , I thought , well , this would make a great movie - but of course it would have to be " adapted " - to the point where it would bear little relationship to the book . But then I thought , well WHY ? Sure , it could never be shown on Sunday afternoon TV , but provided it were shown in cinemas to ADULTS , who knew what it contained , where 's the HARM ? Dammit , my civil liberties were being crushed here . A director SHOULD be able to make a literal film adaptation of " The Black Hotel " . In an ideal World , censorship of films for adults should not EXIST . But sadly , whilst I accept that with INTELLIGENT adults , such freedom might be harmless , there would always be those who would lack the rationality to differentiate between fantasy and reality , and who might be spurred on to commit foul deeds . However , it 's hard to see how " La Bete " falls into that category . On it 's appearance in England , the British censor dismissed it out of hand . Despite the ' 69 relaxation on nudity , given the film 's theoretical theme of bestiality , had the censor passed ANY of it , he 'd have been looking for a new job on Monday . BUT ... in those days , there was an alternative . The G.L.C. This was a local town council with a department who had the power to pass a film just for London , where it was deemed audiences were more " sopisticated " than those who lived out in the sticks . The film was duly submitted and PASSED . However , it later emerged that the " board " consisted of just four people - three who voted , plus a " chairman " . And on the day , one of the voters was off sick . Thus the remaining two voters and the chairman sat down to view " La Bete " . One of said voters thought , like me , that the film was hilarious and hardly likely to encourage foul deeds by ANYONE . The other lacked imagination and simply thought the piece disgusting . And the chairman didn 't understand it , so decided to err on the side of FREEDOM . When the missing voter finally saw the film , they too thought it disgusting , but it was TOO LATE ! The film had received its " X-London " certificate and opened to mixed reaction . The G.L.C. film censorship board was disbanded soon after ! Thus " La Bete " only opened in London by what could best be termed a FLUKE ! But I 'm glad it was . It 's GREAT ! If you haven 't seen it , DO so . It 's a FANTASY , and as such , it 's far less disturbing than most things you see on the news these days ...
0	Holy @ # % & this movie was still warm and juicy from the pile it was made with . I tried to watch this pile of festering waste but found it easier to slash my wrists and slug back a shooter of Lysol floor cleaner than endure more than half of the crap that was on my screen . I rank this well below anything I have ever watched on film or TV , and thats saying something . I once witnessed a cow crap in a field . I watched the steaming pile for a hour and a half , who knows ... it might have moved or something . Well that was time better spent than watching this tripe . The acting was non-existent , the plot was somewhere other than on this film . I think I saw a cut seen early on where the plot managed to escape and was riding off in the background on the back of a old pickup truck heading to Portland in hopes of becoming a Steven King shi77er . Please tell me director is getting medication he so desperately needs . It 's pretty clear he needs heavy medication and I 'd willing to front the money needed for his lobotomy reversal . Bah ... I can 't give this review the full punch it needs because nothing this painful can ever be done justice in typed word alone . Let me just say that if your looking for a flick to pass some time and you see this Chilton on the rack , walk to your car , start the engine , then shove both of your fists straight into the fan until it you can 't feel your bones vibrate anymore . Be sure to have your wallet in hand also because you were going to waste the cash anyway . You might as well have the privilege of wasting it yourself . By the way , I watched this after a " buddy " of mine sent his girlfriend over so I could see it . HE dint come over , SHE had too . Whats worse is that she had to watch this $ % & @ thing TWICE ! I heard their married now and he gets to visit his balls once a month . I hope it was because of this film .
1	Anna ( Charlotte Burke ) develops a strange fever that causes her to pass out and drift off into a world of her own creation . A bleak world she drew with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field . Lacking in detail , much like any child drawing the house and it 's inhabitant Marc ( who can 't walk because Anna didn 't draw him any legs ) are inhabitants of this purgatory / limbo world . Anna begins visiting the boy and the house more frequently trying to figure what 's what and in the process tries to help save the boy , but her fever is making it harder for her to wake up each time and may not only kill her , but trap her and Marc there forever . Wow ! Is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose 's brilliantly haunting and poetic Paperhouse . A film that is so simple that it 's damn near impossible to explain and impossible to forget . While you may find this puppy in your horror section it 's anything but . It 's more of a serious fantasy , expertly directed , and exceptionally well acted by it 's cast , in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs ( Marc ) . And yet , it 's not a children 's movie either , but meant to make us remember those carefree days of old that are now just dark memories . Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance that creates a thrilling backdrop for the brilliant story and great actors to play with . Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain it 's more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the viewers imagination . There 's much symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth into . Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the viewers mind , engrossing you with it 's very own sense of reasoning . As the story unfolded I was again and again impressed at just how powerful the film managed to be up to the finale which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye . Bernard Rose 's visuals are brilliant here . He 's able to create an unnervingly bleak atmosphere that appears simple on the surface , but as a whole is much greater than the sum of it 's parts . The acting is of young Charlotte Burke in this , her feature debut , is a truly impressing as well . Unfortunately she 's not graced the screen since . A much deserved Burnout Central award only seems proper for that performance . Toward the end the movie lags a bit here and there , but I was easily able to overlook it . I wished they had took a darker turn creating a far more powerful finale that would have proved to be all the more unnerving and truly riveting in retrospect . The movie as is , is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover . It 's a poetic ride told through the innocent eyes of a child , a powerful film in which much is left to be pondered and far more to be praised .
0	May ( Anne Reid ) and Toots ( Peter Vaughan ) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby ( Steven Mackintosh ) and his family in London . Even as the visit begins , Toots suffers a fatal heart attack , leaving May adrift , unsure , and questioning her life and future . Finding herself attracted to her daughter 's boyfriend Darren ( Daniel Craig ) , her actions lead to inevitable consequences . Beautifully filmed , but for all its heralded realism and acclaim , The Mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant , even repellent characters , and asks the viewer to engage with them . Reid shines as May , and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire , but Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig , Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters , that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to May . As written , the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was Kureishi trying to say . As directed , they are either unwilling or unable to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness . Worth seeing for Reid 's performance , but little else . A crying shame ...
1	This movie has great style , fantastic visuals and hot sex scenes with a beautiful woman . It falters at the end as the story twists get a little bit extreme .. but all in all , I would recommend this movie just because it has that good old Russian feel to it .. big , impressive , powerful , bleak and brutal and at the same time beautiful in the old tradition of tragic beauty . PLOT : A guy who can make a blade shoot out of his hand at will ( not a spoiler since they show it in the trailer ) when he is REALLY mad at you tries to have a girlfriend .. he discovers that after you kill one person with your sword hand , it 's kind of hard to keep a stable relationship ... Sword boy is on the planet for a reason .. he just doesn 't know what it is .. YET . Lots of dark street fights with guys unexpectedly getting filleted creatively . RUSSAIN w ENG subtitles .. slick worth a watch ..
0	Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars . I must admit that I was less than impressed with this film . In this sequel , Cruella DeVil ( by the way Glen Close pulls off this role very well ) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour . She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away . From that point , we only wait until she starts having crises . Soon enough , she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world , of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur . Apart from Glen Close , I found all cast quite silly but from a child 's eye funny . That is fair enough as its target market is , I assume , children under 12 . Quite a good entertainment for children and families , but didn 't do much for me . * out of * * * * *
0	I was lured to see this movie by its starpower , but ultimately that 's all it delivers . It plays much more like a Greek tragedy than a modern thriller about big city corruption . It 's greatest flaw is its predictibability and utter lack of suspense . We know who the bad guys are from the beginning , and just follow along as they fall like dominoes . The film to its credit does abstain from gratuitous violence and sex , but has forgotten to substitute good , clean romance or excitement in any other way . All the flavor of a good , flat decaffeinated diet cola . " Q & A " , which also takes place in New York , is a far better alternative , as is " LA Confidential " .
1	If I didn 't know any better , it almost seems like it was staged , but it wasn 't . It was set up perfectly , and how they got all of that footage is amazing ! The unfortunate events of September 11 , 2001 are put together well in this documentary and the classic footage that they got made this an unfortunate classic . Just the history in the footage alone should make it a MUST see for any american or person touched by the tragedy of September 11 .
0	* * * Possible Plot Spoilers * * * I adore Dennis Hopper . I question why he accepted the role of a police detective in 2000 's The Spreading Ground . This movie flat out sucks and I 'm about to tell you why . This is about a small town which is about to get a contract for a sports arena . One hitch : there 's a killer on the loose and that is bad for business . The Mayor makes a deal with the Irish Mob to find the killer and make sure he never makes it to court . Det . Ed Delongpre has other plans . He wants this guy caught too , but he 's on the level and believes in the system . He wants to see the system do it 's job . That could have been pretty good . It could have been riveting . It was horrible . First , they label this guy a Serial Killer . Err no . There are specific criteria and none of it fits here . The bad guy has killed 5 kids the first day , and I think it was 2 the second day . This entire movie spans like a 48 hour time period ... Hardly Serial Killer action . I don 't care what warped motives they give him in the end , Serial Killers do their deed over a long time span . They do not just all of a sudden kill 7 kids in two days . That 's a Spree . Ok that irritant aside , the acting was atrocious . The only name here was Hopper , and he 's the only one who came even close to pulling off his part . Unfortunately , he 's kinda type-cast to me and I think he does psycho parts much , much better . This just wasn 't a good vehicle for Hopper . It didn 't allow him to do what he does best , which is to act all creepy . It 's not that he did bad , it 's that I 've seen him do so much better . The Irish Mob guy , Johnny Gault ( Tom McCamus - Long Day 's Journey Into Night ) , who is in charge of their investigation is just over the top stiff . Contradiction ? Not really . He is trying to play the cold , hard kinda guy and he does that to the point that the character is just wooden . Boring to the max . He didn 't scare me . He didn 't inspire any emotion at all except boredom . I cannot tell you how many times I checked to see how much longer it was til the end of this movie . The other thing about this is that it had the feel of a made-for-TV movie . You know what I mean . The poor production values , low budget , re-use of scenes to save costs . Just eh . Yanno ? But , I feel like comparing this to those is an insult to those . Derek Vanlint was both the Director and Cinematographer on this project . He bit off more than he could chew . I can 't help feeling that Hopper must have took this role as a personal favor to a friend . That 's the only rational I can come up with . This was Vanlint 's first job as Director , third as cinematographer . Hopefully this was a learning experience for him . I won 't ruin the ending in case you do decide to torture yourself with this one , but I do want to say that they all dropped the ball here ... even Hopper . In a scene that should have been emotionally gut-wrenching for the detective , it was just .. well .. blah . I didn 't see any of the angst at all that would accompany the total gear-change this guy made . Very disappointing . This 100 grueling minutes long and Rated R for violence and language . No kid under 13 is going to have any interest whatsoever in watching this , so no worries there . It 's not suitable for anyone anyway. heh . Skip this one . You 'll thank me later .
0	The script for this movie was probably found in a hair-ball recently coughed up by a really old dog . Mostly an amateur film with lame FX . For you Zeta-Jones fanatics : she has the credibility of one Mr. Binks .
1	In all honesty , this series is as much a classic ( as television goes ) as the original poem is to the world 's literature . Far from being crassly exploitative , it is a beautiful and respectful rendering of one of the western culture 's defining texts . I was moved by the plight of Odysseus and his followers ; touched by the drama of the fall of Troy ( which was felt but not seen ) ; intrigued by the way the gods played with the fate of mortals . ( It should be mentioned that the gods appearing here are not ridiculous CGI creatures flitting around on their ankle wings , or poorly-cast fashion models in bikinis . As in Homer 's work , they act through mortal agents or , rarely , are represented by classical statuary ) . It 's a pity it 's not available in DVD , especially given the vastly inferior and cheesy adaptations of the Odyssey that one can find in video stores .
1	War Inc. is a funny but strange film . The actors are likable , the film is likable also , but I don 't know how to describe the plot . I will go into the plot later on . This is a movie with some weird casting choices . Besides John Cusack as a hit-man , which we saw years ago in Grosse Point blank which I liked . Here we have Hilary Duff playing a Russian pop star named Yonica Babyya or something like that . Her character is odd . There is a scene where she sticks a scorpion down her pants . And hits on Hauser ( Cusack ) . There is a twist in the end involving the two characters . It makes sense . That is the only casting choice I am going into . Cause it just plain strange . The whole movie is strange . But at times incredibly funny and I was never bored . Here we have some of the best actors out there . Excluding Miss Duff . She ain 't great . But here we have John Cusack , Marisa Tomeii , Joan Cusack , Ben Kingsley . See what I mean ? This is the story of a hit-man named Hauser ( Cusack ) . He is sent down to some Middle Eastern city to put a hit on an oil man named Omar Sheriif ( not the actor ) . While trying to deal with his own personal problems , he has to help out the wedding of a popstar ( played by Hilary Duff ) . And he falls in love with a news reporter ( played by Marisa Tomeii ) . There is a thing about the popstar though . Hauser is disgusted by her . There is a scene where she is singing a song to him and afterwards he throws up . The twist in the end of the film reveals kind of why . The thing about the twist is that I did kind of see it coming . But that doesn 't matter . This is a strange , funny , and entertaining comedy . I love most of the actors . So really , how could I not recommend it ? War , Inc . : 3.5 / 5
1	They filmed this movie out on long Island , where I grew up . My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie . Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer , ( which they told me was colored water , tasted disgusting , and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again , especially in the funnel scenes ) . Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form . It never came out in the theaters ( obviously ) and it , as far as I knew , was never released on video , and I 'm sure wasn 't released on DVD . Yet it looks like it was seen by some people , albeit it probably very few . So there must be something . I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother , yet there is no way I can find it anywhere . Does anybody know anything about when / where / how this movie could be purchased ? And which format that would be ?
0	At the end of " Dragon Heat , " all I could think of was why I bothered sitting through the whole thing . The film 's premise is interesting and that - as well as Maggie Q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place . But was I ever disappointed . Writer-director Daniel Lee can 't hold a candle to the likes of John Woo , Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen . This has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films I have ever seen . Lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and I use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills , freeze frames , slow-motion , fast-motion and other visual nonsense . I suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue . The action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else . There is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn 't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside ! - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue I have seen in one of these Hong Kong actioners . The plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up , everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and Lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters ' back stories in case we didn 't get it the first several times . This is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of Sammo Hung , Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. Though , to be frank , I am hard-pressed to remember Biehn being in any good film that was not directed by James Cameron . If you really are in the mood for a great Hong Kong actioner , you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - John Woo 's " The Killer " ( 1989 ) and " Hard-Boiled " ( 1992 ) , Ringo Lam 's " City on Fire " ( 1987 ) - which Quentin Tarantino stole for " Reservoir Dogs " ( 1992 ) - or his " Point Blank " ( 1967 ) remake , " Full Contact " ( 1992 ) . Or , even check out Yuen 's " So Close " ( 2002 ) , a supremely entertaining , yet preposterous , popcorn flick . And there 's always the terrific French police actioner , " The Nest " ( 2002 ) . True , most , if not all , are a bit over-the-top , but they were films that remain exciting , thrilling and even suspenseful . They have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences . " Dragon Heat , " on the other hand , is just terribly mediocre . The trouble is that Lee has not made a bad action film , he has made a dull one .
1	This film captured my heart from the very beginning , when hearing Quincy Jones ' first notes or seeing the wonderful color of purple of the flowers in the meadows . This is truly a film to cry and die for ... ! The whole cast gives the best performance in a film I 've seen in years and Spielberg has really outdone himself ! Whoppi Goldberg , Margaret Avery , Oprah Winfrey ( oh lord ! ) , Danny Glover , and the others , all give us their best and you can feel it - almost touch it ! Goldberg IS Celie , she gives her that insecurity and feeling of inferiority that is needed for the character , and we grow with her , we grow strong together with her , throughout the movie , and we triumph with her . Margaret Avery is wonderful as Shug Avery , even when she 's at her most arrogant , and shows us that " sinners " , indeed , " have souls too " . The always sympathetic , charming Danny Glover makes a marvellous job at making people hate him and the magnificent music of ( I 'd say sir ) Quincy Jones adds even more beauty to this splendid film ! The photography , the music , the director and the music makes this beautiful , soulful movie into an experience of life . You don 't want to miss it ! " Sista ' ... remember my name ... "
1	When I was a little girl ( and my dad owned a video store ) , this was among my favorite movies . I hadn 't heard much about it since then , nor did I really remember anything about it , it having been forgotten in the wake of Don Bluth 's other , probably better films . I managed to track it down a few weeks ago , however , and was pleasantly surprised again . Set in New Orleans in the 1930s , the animation is delightful and the songs are memorable . There are a few goofs in continuity if you look hard enough , but they generally don 't detract from the storyline , which leaves you smiling ( and maybe even a little misty-eyed , if you are a lover of animals ) . The characters are believable ( maybe even a little too grown-up for younger watchers ) , as well . Two paws up , and for those of you who haven 't seen it in a while , definitely worth a re-watch .
0	Although this is generally a cheesy jungle-adventure movie , it does have some highlights - the settings are quite beautiful , and the pacing of the adventure is good . You won 't be bored watching it . Keith is as breezy as possible playing the eponymous lead , an unabashedly drunk jungle guide shanghai 'd into escorting rich boy Van Hoffman and his gorgeous wife Shower on a hunting expedition in cannibal country . He never takes things seriously . Shower is there as decoration and Keith makes extensive use of her - she doesn 't really have to act much . She 's not the only female to show off her body and the prurient aspects of the film make it about halfway to a T / A picture . There 's nothing in this film that would draw specific attention to it , or away from it . Produced to be shlock , it succeeds without too much fuss . A good 2 AM cable programmer .
0	I think I laughed twice . The line where the main character says something about being from the streets . And then I forget the other time I laughed . It was probably in the beginning . This has to be one of the thinnest movies ever . Doesn 't Hollywood realize that this kind of humor is degrading and sad , really . You can only insult yourself so many times . 2 / 10
0	Six GIs , about to be send home and discharged , get drunk and sneak into a cult meeting in Asia . Surrounded by hooded figures , two male dancers pretend to have a fight . Behind them , on an altar , a woven basket opens and a figure painted emerges and begins imitating a snake , finally biting one of the dancers on the neck . The imitation snake is dressed in some scaley looking body tights . ( This is definitely a female imitation snake . ) The cult member who has sneaked them into the secret meeting has warned the six men repeatedly that the ceremonies must not be interrupted and , most definitely , no photos must be taken or else they will be hunted down and killed . Naturally , the GIs take a flash photo , send the cult members into an angry hysteria , steal the basket containing the " snake " and run off with it into the Asian night . One of the guys , the most offensive and snarky , dies from a cobra bite on the neck , though no one can explain how the snake got into his hospital room . Back in New York , it all seems rather old news as the discharged men settle down into their civilian lives , still maintaining their bond with one another . Their jobs range from manager of a bowling alley ( David Janssen ) to graduate research student ( Richard Long ) . James Dobson , Jack Kelly , and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood . Richard Long has a nice blond girl friend . Kelly is a somewhat reckless womanizer . But they all get along well enough and all of them seem happy . Then a dark , shifty-looking , mysterious woman ( Faith Domergue ) shows up and Marshall Thompson takes a liking to her and insinuates her into the group . Guess what happens . First Janssen is terrified by a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car crash . Then Kelly gets a visit from Domergue . Something scares him so badly he tumbles through the window and dies in the fall to the sidewalk . Long and Dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows -- that Domergue has had something to do with the deaths . They also reckon that maybe she 's turning into a cobra , which is the case . Dobson confronts her with his suspicions and she proves his point . By this time Long and Thompson are thoroughly frazzled , particularly Thompson , who is in love with Domergue and has discovered that she is attracted to him , too , although he must explain to her what " love " is . No matter . A final reckless attack by the cobra woman against Long 's girl friend -- not one of the six original offenders -- and Thompson must throw the snake out the window . On the pavement below , the body changes to that of Domergue . The end . I think I 'll skip over most of the questions that the plot raises . I 'll just mention one of the more prosaic ones in passing . Who paid for Domergue 's fare from somewhere in Asia to New York ? Who 's paying her utility bills in the hotel ? Who paid for her spectacular wardrobe ? How come she speaks American English so well ? What the hell 's going on ? The writers and director have clearly seen some of Val Lewton 's modest horror films and , though not much effort has gone into this production , they 've unashamedly stolen some gimmicks from Lewton . In Lewton 's " The Cat People " , for instance , the woman is transformed into a black leopard but , with one tiny exception , the threat is always kept in the shadows and is all the more spooky for it . Most of the transformations here use shadows too , but unlike Lewton 's , the shadows are clumsy and unambiguous . Lewton also made occasional use of what he called " buses " . Lewton 's first " bus " was a literal one . A potential victim is hurrying alone through the dark tunnels of Central Park with only the sound of footsteps . Something or someone is following her . She freezes with fright under a street lamp . Something rustles the branches of the shrubs above her . She looks upward . There is a loud , wheezing shriek that makes your hair stand on end . It 's a bus using its air brakes to stop for her . The producers used at least two " buses " in this film and they amount to nothing . A guy is walking distractedly across an intersection , for instance , and there is the sudden rumble of a truck that almost hits him . There is no set up to the shot . It 's jammed in with a shoe horn . I don 't much care for movies that perpetuate the stereotype of serpents as slimy , ugly , venomous , and phallic . As a matter of fact , no snakes are slimy , most are harmless , and many are extraordinarily beautiful . Furthermore , they 're more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and serpentine approach to goals . You want a reptilian symbol for masculinity ? Try a six-lined racerunner . It 's a really fast lizard . When it sees something to eat , it rushes up and gobbles it down . Anyway , if you want to see some fine , low-budget scary films , don 't bother with this one . Find " The Cat People " or one of Lewton 's other minor masterpieces , of which this is an obvious copy .
0	I really wanted to like this movie , but ended up bored and incredulous . The first shot is a camera feed from a robot traveling towards a bomb and is , naturally , shaky . But then the rest of the movie stays in shakycam mode , even during quiet conversational moments , to the point of ridiculousness . Have the rental houses run out of tripods and Steadicams ? The fact that it was shot on 16mm doesn 't help , as the entire movie is grainy as well as shaky . For all the effort Bigelow put into accurate vehicles and equipment , there are enough glaring errors and inconsistencies that they undermine the movie 's credibility . - A car would not erupt in flames after a single shot , and once engulfed would not be extinguished by a small hand-held extinguisher . - A single Humvee would not be driving around Baghdad in 2004 , but would be backed up by other vehicles in case of breakdown or attack . - It would be exceptionally unlikely to be able to hit a running insurgent at long range , where the bullet is clearly taking over a second to reach the target . - I believe bombs were brought to designated disposal areas on or near a base , not some random spot in the middle of the desert . - The oil tanker attack is stated to have occurred in the Green Zone , a highly secure area that experienced very few attacks from within . The zone is mostly offices and palaces with few residences , yet it is portrayed as a dangerous warren of dark alleys and lurking insurgents . Oddly , James never gets in trouble for the ridiculous tactic of ordering his two companions to each take an alley by themselves , thus setting up the attempted kidnapping . - Speaking of which , the 3-man team is always depicted clearing buildings , chasing insurgents etc. on their own , even when there are clearly dozens of soldiers right there . - How many hours does the team have to stare at a dead insurgent hanging out a window to figure out he 's not faking it ? There were no establishing shots to show the viewer what the size and layout of the base was or where Baghdad was in relation . I had no idea who the EOD team reported to , nor were any other characters fleshed out . These are things the characters would know , so we should too . Many of the " surprises " and scenes are perfectly predictable . Yes , it 's obvious that the psychiatrist colonel will get into trouble with the Iraqis he 's trying to move along , that the choice of cereals back home will be overwhelming , and that a driver you kidnapped will not wait for you when you leave the vehicle . Finally , there was an almost complete lack of character development . Renner 's character from the beginning has a troubled relationship at home , is reckless and addicted to adrenalin . He 's exactly the same at the end of the movie . What 's the point ? If this is indeed the best so far of the Iraqi war movies , it 's a sorry bunch . Just based on the half hour I saw of it , I 'd recommend Generation Kill on HBO instead .
1	After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival , I couldn 't wait to hear about how to get a copy . Jim McKay gave a talk ( Q & A ) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation : how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities ( women , non-whites ) working on resolving controversial issues ( teen pregnancy , teen motherhood , racial identity , single-mother households ) , and how to write a faithful script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male . The multi-racial , multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film 's fantastic storyline , detailed characters , and fantastic portrayal of " real teen life . " Most of the teens , however , had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids , as a starting point for discussion rather than , as many adults there felt , " a film teens should see because it 's about them . " Hence , distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it ? The Internet ( retail ) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried , like " Pups " or other radical modern teen films--and McKay seemed responsive . As for his credits as a writer / director , McKay was _ extremeley _ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set , working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being disarmingly realistic .
0	Other than the great cinematography by the marvelous James Wong Howe in the battle scenes , this film is a true stinker . This is the second film that I 've seen in recent days directed by Alexander Korda . The first was Charles Laughton 's " Rembrandt . " It was so lousy that I shut it off . This one I 'm afraid is not very much better . Flora Robson is as ugly as ever as Queen Elizabeth . Perhaps , her performance as the virgin Queen was good for 1937 standards but when you compare it to that of a Helen Mirren , it is absolutely no match . In robotic fashion , Robson states her lines . Her battle message to the English troops is so lackluster in spirit . Even a dashing Laurence Olivier can 't save this utter piece of boredom . Future wife Vivien Leigh is in a supporting role here and she doesn 't really convey anything here . To think , that Scarlett was 2 years later ! It 's a shame that history with the Spanish Armada is made out to be so boring in this film .
0	Gee , what a crappy movie this was ! I cannot understand what people find so scary about " The Grudge " . The director plays one trick ( I 'd have to admit a very good one , that is brought to life very stylized ) and then he repeats it for the rest of the movie over and over again . As a consequence I startled a few times in the first quarter of the movie , but once I knew the drill I practically fell asleep as The Grudge grew more and more predictable by the minute . To conclude , I can say that there are a lot better movies in the genre to begin with , that the so-called predecessor " The Ring " was way scarier and that buying a ticket for " The Grudge " is a waste of money .
1	I now that these days , some people wan 't see a movie without movie styling , so much Dogma , Lars Von , Watchosky Brothers , are changed what we expect in a movie , perhaps , Casomai is no-one-more-Independent-non-american movie , the movie take all movies resources and language to tell us a simple history about love and marriage , but much more .. Fully of views , lectures and let you thinking ... and I 'm sure , you can 't fell boried any second of a long 116 minutes . I calculate that don 't have a single scene longer that 3 o 2 1 / 2 minutes .
1	A have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an SOB who has a long term girlfriend . Of course the SOB is very good-looking , charming , etc and my friend is a very intelligent woman . Watching Jean Pierre Leaud 's character at work is exactly like watching what goes on in real life when guys like that destroy the lives of our female friends . It 's tragic , and you know she 's going to end up very hurt , but there 's nothing you can do . Leaud is brilliant . Totally empty . A blank throughout , he pulls the faces and tells the stories he thinks will get the reaction he wants . The scene two hours in when Leaud and Lebrun have made love , and the next morning he puts on a record and , very sweetly and charmingly , sings along to amuse her is brilliant . The " What the hell am I doing here with this idiot " expression that flickers back and forth across her face will be in my memory for a long time to come . It 's a long film , but see it in one go , preferably in a cinema . Takes a while to get into , but then the time just disappears .
0	Humm , an Italian movie starred by David hasselhoff and Linda Blair , I wasnt expecting very much , to be honest and in fact , I took even less than I was expecting . It doesnt mean this movie is the worst I have seen because I have watched worse things than this but the plot was most of the times confusing and uninteresting and some good gore scenes are the only thing saving this . Apart from that you are going to love some special effects , they are really cheesy and bad . Now I only want to watch " Troll 3 " by this same director , sure it is not going to be worse than that .
0	Back when I was a kid and I lived with my sister , she bought every horror movie she could find and this was one of them . VCR 'S had just became a household item and we didn 't have but about 150 movies and we watched the hell out of all of them . I was at a yard sale the other day and I saw this VHS copy of BLOOD LEGACY and I buy any horror movie I don 't have and I knew this movie looked familiar . I thought for a second and realized it was one that my sister had bought . She had sold it years ago in a yard sale I am guessing - who knows . I didn 't recall anything at all about it and I watched it the night I bought it and it refreshed my memory because of a few scenes . I am not sure how I felt about it as a kid but I am sure I enjoyed it because it was new to me and I 'd watch and enjoy anything back then . I am a horror freak , but there are certain requirements in order for me to consider it " good " and this one fell very short . It was one of those talk talk talk and bore me to death types . What death scenes you see are done using the shadow on the wall followed by blood splatter and thats if you 're lucky you get that much . The story is good and I have seen a few with similar plots , so I think this one should be buried and forgotten . Don 't watch this people unless you 're hard up .
0	The only reason I am commenting is because I finally figured out why Dr. Cox was bald . Although we probably all realized it at the same time this week , Dr. Cox is bald because they showed these episodes in a different order than they filmed them . The latest episode when our favorite grumpy , Jesus-loving Nurse Roberts dies Dr. Cox shaves his head . The must have showed them out of order for some odd reason and forgot they slipped up the continuity . For shame , Scrubs . They 've made mistakes like this before . I remember when Elliot is trying to date Scott Foley and her hair is wet 2 seconds before water hits her . I try not to notice these things , but my favorite show needs to step it up .
1	Just kidding about the weight loss thing ; well , you might lose weight you never know . Anyway , what can I say , I love this film . It has that same sense of youth and innocence found in films like Stand By Me and The Goonies . Jake 's Closet illustrates the beauty of life 's simple things and how often we overlook them . The film reminds us what it 's like to see the world through children 's eyes and all the magic , mystery , and horror they perceive . Jake 's Closet presents a tale uniquely human in its compassion that anyone who 's had a childhood can both relate to and fall in love with . Watch it with friends ; watch it with loved ones ; build a fort - wine optional .
1	I disagree with previous comment about this movie . I think it was cute and fun and it carried a good message for young girls like my daughter . You don 't have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool . You can be smart and pretty and classy all at once . I think the cast was good and the story was fine for the target audience . All-in-all my wife , daughter ( 10 ) and I each thought it was a good movie . I certainly recommend it . It also has encouraged my daughter to start reading the original Nancy Drew mysteries which I am sure she will love much as I loved the Hardy Boys . It was a struggle to get her to sleep tonight because she wanted to start reading right away . I can 't think of a better outcome for that movie than rekindling interest in that classic series .
0	" Sleeping With the Enemy " is a predictable , ' been there before ' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try . I can 't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago . The complete lack of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay ( based upon the Nancy Price novel ) does not help , nor does the stale direction of Joseph Ruben or the very average performance from Julia Roberts . The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do little to help . There really isn 't a lot to say . Just give it a miss . Sunday , April 14 , 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne
1	Kalifornia is the story of a writer and his girlfriend photographer who are looking for someone to help pay gas money and take turns at the wheel for a cross country road trip to famous murder sights . Ironically a serial killer and his girlfriend answer the post . Kalifornia is a diamond in the rough and a very intriguing journey with a serial killer . Great performances all around by the leads with Pitt in particular being exceptional . Check it out ! !
0	It 's somewhat telling that most of the great reviews for the film on IMDb all come from people who have only reviewed one film in their entire IMDb career and yes you 've guessed it , that film is " Parasomnia " . I 've often suspected suspiciously good reviews on IMDb for what turns out to be an anything but good films as underhand marketing , but it seems fairly transparent in this case . That 's not to say Parasomnia is terrible , but it stops well short of being the good or great film it had the potential to be . On the plus side , it has a great baddie in Patrick Kilpatrick who does a brilliant job projecting menacing and evil , I could easily see him having what it takes to play a truly memorable baddie on a par with Hannibal Lecter . There are some beautiful visuals in the dream sequences , in fact if the film had decided to explore that terrain more it might have been something better . The actual concept of devious misuse of hypnosis is great too . Although I understand suspension of disbelief is necessary for immersion in any good story , it 's the mark of a good story that it succeeds in letting you do that . If you find yourself being annoyed at what you find illogical or just plain silly , then the story is losing you and that 's what kept happening to me with this film . Other reviewers have mentioned this here and I don 't want to get into spoiler territory , but I will say the setup at the ending was particularly ludicrous and disappointing , not too mention the varying mental age of a character that is only supposed to have experienced a few years of life . All in all , there is the germ of a great idea here in diabolically misused hypnotism , but sadly this film fails to realise it into anything special .
1	Put yourself into Carla 's shoes . She is an overworked , unappreciated administrative drudge who is invisible . You know her : she 's trained three of her last three bosses , knows where all of the bodies are buried and might even look back at you in the mirror when you brush your teeth . Always having time for another thankless task and does it better than most despite a serious disability , she has the desk on the way to the restroom that becomes the repository of half-finished cups of coffee begging to be spilled . What ? You don 't want to hear it ? Well , she can 't and neither can you until your hearing aid is in place . Prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired . Carla ( Emmanuelle Devos ) needs a change in her life . Work is leading nowhere ; friends are relying on her to meet their domestic needs and the only way out starts with a collapse that goes virtually unnoticed . She won 't take a vacation - a contract is going critical - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant . Carla submits requirements that convey her real needs : a ' well-groomed ' man . This brings an applicant for approval that reminds us that we should be careful with our wishes . Paul ( Vincent Cassell ) does everything wrong from the start of his job interview and his getting hired clearly demonstrates Carla 's interest in his non-job-related qualities . She sees potential in this former thief and as the story unfolds , their relationship grows in a very unusual pattern of co-dependence . Paul has a difficult transition returning to the world outside of prison walls and finds himself in another sort of prison : one of the office variety and another of indentured servitude to pay off an old debt . His skills as a thief help Carla win a political battle in the office . But Paul sees a grander opportunity with Carla 's skill in lip reading and draws her even further into a world of intrigue . This is a brutal film noir unrated and probably suitable for older teens . Carla grows more powerful , professionally as well as personally , as the story progresses and her disability gives her clear advantages over the rest of us . She grows as a woman discovering her sensual side while she uses her resources to overcome the obstacles of competing in a man 's world . The two main characters are meant for each other , in a strange way . Without Paul , Carla will remain in her role of a doormat . She has our sympathy , hopes and best wishes even if she doesn 't make the best decisions along the way . You will hear the world through Carla 's ears , from awkward adjustments of your hearing aid , muffled sounds , all but inaudible without it to relatively distinct voices when you can see who 's talking . With one major sense disabled , we see Carla 's heightened intuitive power to compensate . And we can all use that sense to hear not only what people say , but also what they really mean .
1	Despite the other comments listed here , this is probably the best Dirty Harry movie made ; a film that reflects -- for better or worse -- the country 's socio-political feelings during the Reagan glory years of the early ' 80 's . It 's also a kickass action movie . Opening with a liberal , female judge overturning a murder case due to lack of tangible evidence and then going straight into the coffee shop encounter with several unfortunate hoodlums ( the scene which prompts the famous , " Go ahead , make my day " line ) , " Sudden Impact " is one non-stop roller coaster of an action film . The first time you get to catch your breath is when the troublesome Inspector Callahan is sent away to a nearby city to investigate the background of a murdered hood . It gets only better from there with an over-the-top group of grotesque thugs for Callahan to deal with along with a sherriff with a mysterious past . Superb direction and photography and a at-times hilarious script help make this film one of the best of the ' 80 's .
0	The cast is OK . The script is awkward at times , and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is . I found myself looking forward to doing the dishes . The Shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war . I guess we were supposed to not notice it ... we did . Its a house , you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes . The shower part ... huh ? What was that about ? Literally , it is I have a client , " Ok you can use our shower . " Yawn . The angles are trying way to hard . There was a set of woods , suddenly its gone cause you can see right through , then next it is deep and animals are dying . In the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions .
0	This movie is flawed on many fronts . Like many before it , it portrays more of the mythology of the Alamo than the history . The production is poor , overall giving the impression of a welfare project for lots of actors who might have otherwise had to work on Hollywood Squares . This to me was the greatest flaw - I know the ages and general personalities of the real Alamo protagonists and the geriatric ensemble of TV actors chosen to portray them never let any hint of believability intrude . As a native Texan , I grew up with the mythology . I later learned more about the history . I can accept a decent production from either perspective ( although I prefer more historical accuracy ) , but this never gave me a chance to enjoy it . Even John Wayne 's or Fess Parker 's versions had more life than this stolid mess , while being only slightly less accurate . Very disappointing - avoid it .
1	* * POSSIBLE SPOILERS * * The biggest part of the movie that doesn 't work IS the Wendigo , and when your title character fails , your movie usually isn 't far behind it . The filmmakers ' interpretation of the Wendigo 's form is interesting , and can be properly menacing when filmed correctly - when the fleeing killer sees the Wendigo in a flash in his rear view mirror , for instance - and the tree-form was actually very good . However , as a monster character it never really comes to life . We don 't get much of an explanation for its behavior , and what we DO see from it doesn 't jibe with either the story told in the movie itself , or any Wendigo lore I 've ever read . I think one of the main reasons that the monster fails is that it isn 't given enough to do , in the movie . When you boil this film down to its bones , what you have is a suspense thriller with a little bit of a supernatural element , instead of a movie about a monster . The cinematography is good , though a little cheesy ; the filmmakers use scenery , lighting , and time of day to convey atmosphere and mood rather well . The character of Otis comes across as truly dangerous and unpredictable , making him the real monster in the film . It might have been more effective to explain his behavior as him being possessed by the hungry spirit of the Wendigo , which would also be a more accurate representation of the real legend . I have heard unconfirmed reports ( from a newsgroup ) that the reason the Wendigo doesn 't do much is that , when the monster suit was built , it wound up so heavy and and uncomfortable ( in order to mimic the stance of it standing on cloven hooves , the performer had to walk on his toes ) that it was nearly impossible to run , walk , or otherwise perform in it . Thus the many flashes of the creature standing still , and the obvious sped-up footage of it running . I stress that these reports are uncomfirmed .
0	Outlandish premise that rates low on plausibility and unfortunately also struggles feebly to raise laughs or interest . Only Hawn 's well-known charm allows it to skate by on very thin ice . Goldie 's gotta be a contender for an actress who 's done so much in her career with very little quality material at her disposal ...
1	mahatma Gandhi , the father of the nation in his quest for India 's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son , this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi 's service to the society . The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India 's freedom against the British . Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister , since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle , he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams , he gets married to his love gulab ( bhoomika Chawla ) against his father 's wishes . Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony . This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases , hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed . Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt , he loses his wife and children . Akshaye Khanna has give a stellar performance as Hiralal gandhi .. all kudos to him , the direction and the script is fantastic , the picturization is excellent. overall an Excellent movie and a must see . I give it a 10 / 10
0	Quite possibly the nicest woman in show business , and the sexiest , Debbie gives another fine performance here . Although her work in American Nightmare was far superior , she is still worth watching in this film . The cast is filled with your typical Melrose Place types , chiseled features and seductive curves , that I had never seen before . Other than Debbie , Laura Nativo was the only actress I had seen before , in the similar Delta Delta Die . The plot centers around a group of California arrogants who initiate poor naive Debbie Rochon into their clique . They tell her that they have a murder club , and that she must kill someone to be accepted . Debbie wants nothing more but to be accepted by these cool people , so she quickly kills a person , and now the group must decide what to do with her , after she fell for their joke . VIOLENCE : $ $ $ $ $ ( Plentiful ! Debbie Rochon occasionally has blood splattered all over her and all of the murder scenes are done in your face . Gore hounds will surely enjoy ! ) NUDITY : $ $ $ $ $ ( Plentiful as well ! Debbie Rochon has several nude scenes as do many of the no-name actresses and actors . The pool party seems as just an excuse to get everyone naked ; man and woman alike . Julie Strain also has a topless cameo but her character is gone after the first five minutes ) . STORY : $ $ ( Could have received a higher vote because the plot was very interesting and unique but the plot serves as filler between nude scenes . I understand that B-Rate films use nudity often , but this is borderline excessive ) . ACTING : $ ( The acting is sub standard to say the least . Rochon is always a treat , easily the best B-Rate actress in the business today , but her character in American Nightmare was superior . Danny Wolske does a fine job as Debbie 's object of lust but the other actors were nothing to write about ) .
0	This movie sucks big time . It reminded me of the movie Resurrection ( Christopher Lambert ) , which i also found extremely boring . And " Semana Santa " is in every way an even poorer movie . Only fine one in the cast doing something for this movie is Alida Valli . Alida is one of the grand old ladies in european movie history . I loved her maniacal looks in " Suspiria " and " inferno " ( Dario Argento ) . I will not spend more time dealing with this movie . I will say another good thing about this movie ... use it if you want to fall asleep very quickly ...
1	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film . I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me . Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine , I got to hear about it . I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor . I asked Peter Collinson , through my agent , whether he might like me to do another draft . I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it . I was told , too late . So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off . I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay . Then I was invited to see the finished film . I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on . It 's a beautifully made piece , from a hurriedly written first draft , I expected to be asked to do much more work on it ; perhaps if I had it wouldn 't be so good . I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is ? I would also love to see the film again , I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho .
1	First off , anyone looking for meaningful " outcome oriented " cinema that packs some sort of social message with meaningful performances and soul searching dialog spoken by dedicated , emotive , heartfelt thespians , please leave now . You are wasting your time and life is short , go see the new Brangelina Jolie movie , have a good cry , go out & buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that will make you feel better , and leave us alone . Don 't let the door hit you on the way out either . THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a grade B minus regional horror epic shot in the wastelands of Oklahoma by a young , TV friendly cast & crew , and concerns itself with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects , wakes up in a hospital , and finds that his body is liquefying on him as he sits there feeling like a chump . The melting man is played by one Alex Rebar , who is recognizable for about the first four minutes of the film . But once he starts oozin ' with Rick Baker 's extraordinary special effects makeup he more resembles something you might find in a tin of spam before you drain off all the runny , viscous blebs of grease . The film has zero exposition and does not bandy about with plot points : There are a couple of scenes involving scientist types riding around on an absurd industrial conveyor machine who dutifully recite a few obligatory lines about the effects of radiation but the movie does not care , really . It 's a freak show and a marvelous one at that with a decidedly sick sense of humor for those who can stomach it -- One great laugh comes when the melting man stumbles upon a young girl in the forest and is so at a loss for what to do that one of his eyes pops out . Hilarious . The " hero " of the film is played by Burr DeBenning , a fascinating character actor from the golden 1970s & 80s television scene who was sort of an early model for the Kevin Spacey prototype ; slightly twisted , neurotic , and one step ahead of most everyone in the room even if he looks confused . He appeared just after this movie was made in a bizarre made for TV anthology horror piece called HOUSE OF THE DEAD ( or THE ALIEN ZONE ) that is regarded as one of the finest movies ever made in Oklahoma , which is where I suspect this film was made as well . The arid , cold looking rural midwestern landscapes are certainly the same , and the creek that one unfortunate fly fisher chooses for his afternoon of sport appears to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fought off flying alien pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING ... which also had a sick sense of humor , a TV friendly cast , and some pretty outrageous gore . I definitely sense at least an aesthetic connection between the three movies , as well as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS which is of no surprise considering that director Jonathan Demme is a part of MELTING MAN 's cast . Essentially , as others have pointed out , this is a 1950s B movie plot updated for later 1970s era special effects & the inevitable boobs . The movie it probably borrows most of it 's ideas from is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that set him off on a killing spree . One of the things that I actually admire about the film is that absolutely no regard is given for the melting man 's motivations : He simply goes on a rampage and the movie 's drama comes from wondering if he 's going to fall to pieces before certain characters fall victim to his madness . The budget for the film is also delightfully low and every dime spent on it is up there on the screen , Rick Baker 's disgusting effects getting the lion 's share of whatever was spent on this . Sick , disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and plenty of beer . Why can 't people have made more movies like these ? 8 / 10
0	Karen ( Bobbie Phillips ) mentions , after one of her kids gets out of hand with his lame annoying jokes , that she 'll never survive this trip .. boy , is she ever on the money . Karen is a school teacher taking her group of kids from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the butt ugly locale of a run-down manor in the major dung-heap of Ireland .. surely there are places in this country more appeasing to the senses than this ? ! The caretaker of the manor , Gary ( Simon Peacock ) warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not to stray into the forest . There 's a myth regarding the Sawney Bean Clan , a ritualistic druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrate Samhain ( the end of Summer , October 31st ) " Feast of the Dead " where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits . Gary is supposedly clairvoyant , his cousin Pandora ( Ginger Lynn Allen ) tells us , because he was born on Samhain . Funny , because he sure doesn 't see outcomes well or even give advice accurately . Nearly everyone dies ( .. even those who never stray from the path ) and he doesn 't even see his own gruesome fate . What this monster we hear breathing is a victim of way too much inbreeding .. it 's face resembles a malformed mushroom and it looks like a hideous reject from a Mad Max picture . It doesn 't take long before the " evil breeder " is killing everyone . Paul ( Howard Rosenstein ) is Karen 's love interest who made the wrong decision coming to Ireland without his girlfriend 's prior knowledge . Horrible formula slasher doesn 't stray from the norm . It 's minuscule budget shows loudly and the characters are assembly line clichs churned out yet again to be slaughtered in the usual gory ways . Most of the violence flashes across the screen quickly with not much dwelling on the breeder 's acts of death towards his victims . Lots of guts get pulled out during the fast edit cuts as one scene whisks to another . Seeing Gillian Leigh 's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two isn 't incentive enough to recommend it . Phil Price has the really irritating trickster character , Steve , often shedding bad jokes .. how he is able to get Leigh 's Barbara naked in the shower for some action is anyone 's guess because I have no reason why he 'd stand a chance with such a hottie . Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the fortunate role of Shae , the quiet virgin smart girl ( who is also quite hot ) who we know will be the one chosen by the screenplay to survive . Jenna Jameson drops by long enough to get her heart cut out of her chest ( at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest is opened up ) with a few minor lines about two missing friends she 's looking for . The film 's main problem is that the story and character development grinds to a halt because it 's realized that none of them are at all interesting so director Christian Viel just lets loose his monster to run rampant causing carnage , obliterating an entire cast almost in one fail swoop within ten minutes . Oh , and Richard Grieco has a minor opening cameo as a victim who strayed off the path to tent camp with his chick .
0	I read the book Celestine Prophecy and was looking forward to seeing the movie . Be advised that the movie is loosely based on the book . Many of the book 's most interesting points do not even come out in the movie . It is a " B " movie at best . Many events , characters , how the character interact and meet in the book are simply changed or do not occur . The flow of events that in the book are very smooth , are choppy and fed to the view as though you a child . The character development is very poor . Personnallities of the characters differ from those in the book . The direction is similar to a " B " horror flick . I understand that it would take six hours in film to present all that is in the book , but they screen play base missed many points . The casting was very good .
0	I 'm a huge fan of war movies , and , as a Vietnam combat vet , have some experience with the technical details . I worked with the bomb guys more than once and have nothing but respect for them . Other vets , and Iraq vets in particular , have summarized the inaccuracies in this movie very well . Poetic license is one thing , but this movie is a complete fantasy , and fails badly because of it . No bomb disposal unit , or any unit , would ever have tolerated this rogue operator for more than 5 minutes . Military units prize conformity and discipline for a reason ; it saves lives . The opening scene particularly annoyed me . The guy with the cell phone would have been shot immediately . Yelling , " Stop dialing " is not an effective deterrent . It got worse from there . The scenes with the sniper were particularly egregious . As others have noted , your average EOD guy doesn 't know jack about being a sniper , and to think any Arab sniper is that good really stretches the imagination . Kidnapping an Arab businessman for some form of personal revenge just wouldn 't happen . Somebody might shoot him , but this kind of risk-taking is limited to the movies . I could go on , but , as I said , others have pointed these things out in detail . This is not a good movie , and if it wins any awards at all , it 's a further reflection of why " La La land " is so named .
0	Over several years of looking for half-decent films to rent for my kids , I 've developed a sixth-sense for spotting the really cheesy , direct-to-video efforts that are really painful to sit through ( for anyone over the age of eight ) . I dropped the ball on this one and the kids spent half the movie asking me " what did she say that for ? " and " why did he do that ? " and my eyes got sore from rolling them every minute or so as characters did a really bad job of introducing seemingly random plot changes . And the next time someone decides that having absolutely no skill with a sword is simply " bringing realism " to a film , please run them through with a dull butter knife . " Prehysteria ! " was head and shoulders above this . Arrgh .
1	This isn 't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective . There are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who 's side a particular character is on . The plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows . The violence when it comes is brutal , no guns or martial art scenes with special effects , this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation . The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable .
0	Apparently , The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood . I use the word ' apparently ' because without listening to a director Andy Copp 's commentary ( which I didn 't have available to me ) or reading up on the film prior to watching , viewers won 't have a clue what it is about . Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage , but unless they 're also fond of pretentious , headache-inducing , experimental art-house cinema , they 'll find this one a real chore to sit through . 82 minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis-chordant sound , terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue , this mind-numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one 's sanity : if you 've still got all your marbles , you 'll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead ( I watched the whole thing , but am well aware that I 'm completely barking ! ) .
0	I understand wanting to make a movie that is edgy and different . I understand the previous reviewer comments that this is a miss-understood movie . My point is as soon as this movie ended my first comment was : " this is what happens when a rich princess wants to be a movie star and has no talent " ... she uses daddy 's ' money to make a movie she wrote , directs , and pays for ... obviously to close to the movie to realize there was no character development and no directions such as a beginning , middle and ending ... the voyeur part was good and edgy but what was the point ? I saw a women go to a house , find some pictures , screw the caretaker , come out side on a very cold night ( not believable ) to check on noise and runs over her caretaker lover ... movie ends ... some one educate my ignorant arss ? ? I really want to know what the point is ... what was the directors ' vision ... why no development of the dead lover ? Why no background on the caretaker ? What is the point of the night vision ? What is the point of the lipstick on the car ? Why a dead caretaker ? Why tell us about an escaped mental patient / peeping tom ? What 's with the urn ? Oh and the lamp is that suppose to signify whose ' house this is ? Territorial ? Why ? Why would the caretaker feel like it 's his house ? that aspect was never pursued ... as for William Defoe ... I rented this movie because he was in it and known for edgy characters ... write back and do tell me what I need to learn ... I am just a mom in middle America who loves movies ... Chris ....
0	Before this made for TV movie began , I had relatively low expectations . That 's because it was made after the final episode of the series had aired and many of the series originals were gone . There is no President Sheridan , Delenn , Lennier , Londo , Vir , G 'kar or Lyta . If you remember , on the second to last episode of the series , all the regulars except Zack , Vir and Captain Lockley left B-5 permanently . Now for this film they did bring back Garibaldi ( who was not in the last B-5 movie ) to join Zack and the Captain and the Doctor makes a brief and irrelevant appearance . But because so much is gone of the old chemistry , this film already is severely handicapped . The movie is about a Soul Hunter ( Martin Sheen ) who is led to Babylon 5 in search of a globe filled with souls that had been stolen from a hidden repository by an archaeologist ( Ian McShane ) . A lot of spooky mumbo-jumbo stuff occurs but frankly it was all pretty silly and pointless . Yeah , yeah , the station nearly blew up but was saved and all , but frankly I felt like it was a case of " been there done that--and done that a lot better in the past " . The secondary plot , provided more for comic relief , was much more interesting , as an entrepreneur installed a holo-brothel and those in command weren 't sure what to do about it and when they tried to pressure them to close , they were slapped with a lawsuit . This was fluff , but it did provide a few laughs--something the other dreary plot was surely lacking . By the way , Sheen at first did a good job playing the Should Hunter--with his wild eyes and bizarre delivery . However , repeatedly throughout the episode he fell out of character . This should have been spotted and corrected . So the final verdict is this is only for total die-hard B-5 nuts ( like myself ) . Others seeing it might assume the series sucked--which is a great injustice . This is a great example of a show not knowing when to quit .
0	I was subjected to this atrocity by my wife , tried to turn it off after 10 minutes , but was forced through the whole thing . This must be , hands down , the most gruesome pretense of a movie ever ... There were great script moments , such as : Sammy - " If she gets over here right away , she gets a bonus " Madam - " A boner ? " Sammy - " No , a bonus " To summarize : Horrible script , terrible acting and incredibly illogical .
1	I gave this film an 10 / 10 with some reluctance as it 's hard to praise something that so haunted and terrified me for years . The sheer menace on the woman in black 's face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread . I saw this when it was first on TV when I was 10 and it really did disturb me for years . I 'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too . So many movie reviews go on about how disturbing or terrifying a film might be but you can believe all those who have posted on this board , this really is incredibly powerful stuff . I mean I really like horror films and generally find them quite funny more often than not , but this really is menacing and will probably disturb most people . I haven 't seen it since I was 10 and I 'm tempted to watch it again but fear I might have some sleepless nights . I can 't quite put my finger on what it is exactly , but I think it 's something to do with the fact that fear is the Woman 's greatest weapon and that we , as viewers , are just as susceptible as we feel the fear so intensely . It 's remarkable that other viewers ' feelings are so unanimous . I 've also seen the stage play , which was an excellent production ... but nothing can compare to this .
1	I don 't know the stars , or modern Chinese teenage music - but I do know a thoroughly entertaining movie when I see one . Kung Fu Dunk is pure Hollywood in its values - it 's played for laughs , for love , and is a great blend of Kung Fu and basketball . Everybody looks like they had a lot of fun making this - the production values are excellent - and modern China looks glossier than Los Angeles here . The plot of the abandoned orphan who grows up in a kung fu school only to be kicked out and then discover superstardom as a basketball play ( and love and more etc ; ) is great - this is fresh , fun , and immensely entertaining . With great action and good dialogue this is one simply to enjoy - for all ages - and for our money was one of the best family movies we 're seen in a long time . Please ignore the negative reviews and give Dunk a chance - we were really glad we did - a GOOD sports comedy movie .
0	Just PPV 'd this . I don 't want to waste too much time on this as most of the posters here put it better than I ever could , but I did want to say a few things . I didn 't know which was funnier : Redgrave chasing tiny moths and tripping over her nurse ; Close wailing that her " precious " boy ( whom she and the Mr. had decided was a drunken loser ) has been turned into roadkill ; that the tone-deaf Ann schmoozed with Peggy Lee ; or the horrid CGI of Crypt Keeper Annie gazing at her younger self ! I never bought Danes as the younger Redgrave . I didn 't buy Richardson and Collette as sisters , either . If Meryl Streep 's daughter wants to be an actress , she better get Mama to give her a few lessons ! I had zero idea why any girl ( or Buddy ) would make fools of themselves over vapid stud du jour Harris ! Ann 's daughters are as whiny and thoughtless as she , Luc is a retarded slacker on crack , and I didn 't give a rot about any of them ! Evening gives Chick Flicks a bad name !
1	Jean Harlow and Clark Gable were a great on screen team and this may be their best movie together . Yes , Hold Your Man can be cheesy and predictable , but that 's not what I love about the movie . I love seeing Harlow and Gable together and in this film they are simply wonderful . It is obvious that they really enjoyed working together and that is part of what makes this such a wonderful film . The witty dialogue , great script and attention to detail are the other things that make this such a good movie . I loved this movie the first time I saw it and on each subsequent viewing I always notice at least one new detail . To me , that is a mark of a great film . The dialogue and script are better than most movies from this time period ( early 30 's ) . I adore classic movies , but I admit that most of them are just average and at times don 't hold my interest . Hold Your Man is one of the exceptions . This has a lot to do with the fact that Hold Your Man is a ' pre-code ' movie . ( The Hays code was not enforced until a year after Hold Your Man . ) This movie could not have been made under the code . Well , it could have been made , but it would have been an entirely different story . Thank goodness the code was not enforced until 1934 . Otherwise , we would have missed out on this gem .
1	The first hour or so of the movie was mostly boring to say the least . However it improved afterwards as the Valentine Party commenced . Apart from the twist as to the identity of the killer in the very end , the hot bath murder scene was one of the few relatively memorable aspects of this movie . The scene at the garden with Kate was well shot and so was the very last scene ( the ' twist ' ) . In those scenes , there was some genuine suspense and thrills and the hot bath murder scene had a nasty ( the way slashers should be ) edge to it . The earlier murders are frustratingly devoid of gore .
0	The film begins with people on Earth discovering that their rocket to Mars had not been lost but was just drifting out in Space near out planet . When it 's retrieved , one of the crew members is ill , one is alive and the other two are missing . What happened to them is told through a flashback by the surviving member . While on Mars , the crew was apparently attacked by a whole host of very silly bug-eyed monsters . Oddly , while the sets were pretty good , the monsters were among the silliest I have seen on film . Plus , in an odd attempt at realism , the production used a process called " Cinemagic " . Unfortunately , this wonderful innovation just made the film look pretty cheap when they were on the surface of Mars AND the intensity of the redness practically made my eyes bleed--it was THAT bad ! ! Despite all the cheese , the film did have a somewhat interesting plot as well as a good message about space travel . For lovers of the genre , it 's well worth seeing . For others , you may just find the whole thing rather silly--see for yourself and decide . While by today 's standards this isn 't an especially good sci-fi film , compared with the films being made at the time , it stacks up pretty well . PS--When you watch the film , pay careful attention to Dr. Tremayne . He looks like the spitting image of Dr. Quest from the " Jonny Quest " cartoon ! Plus , he sounds and acts a lot like him , too .
1	I had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at IMDb and that 's why I had avoided it . Today they showed Vanilla Sky on TV and as I had nothing better to do ... and as it turned out , I would have had a hard time finding anything better to do . Vanilla Sky is a frightening , sad and touching movie , actually one of the best I 've seen in a while . I was surprised by how I was affected watching it . It 's hard to explain , but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it 's quite an emotional journey . Vanilla Sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie , or any media for that matter . I really recommend everyone to watch this movie . Regardless of what you have heard about it .
1	I have always been a huge fan of " Homicide : Life On The Street " so when I heard there was a reunion movie coming up , I couldn 't wait . Let me just say , I was not disappointed at all . It was one of the most powerful 2 hours of television I 've ever seen . It was great to see everyone back again , but the biggest pleasure of all was to have Andre Braugher back , because the relationship between Pembleton and Bayliss was always the strongest part of an all-together great show .
1	This movie is an eye opener for those who can only the glamorous lifestyles of the stars . It tells you how people who would like to do good are not able to . Plus the bomb blast scene is very real . What you read and are taught just does not happen ! ! ! Can raise your BP level by 10 % All actors played their role very well . Some scenes may / could have been avoided to include teenagers . This movie is quite adult in nature . Not a movie that can be seen with family . Casting is great ! ! !
0	Pretty poor Firestarter clone that seems more like a bad TV movie than a bad feature film . How disappointing for this to come from Hooper and Dourif ! Government contractors do a human experiment with a Hydrogen bomb . The boy born to the couple from the experiment constantly runs a fever of 100 degrees , and when he 's an adult , people in his life start spontaneously combusting . He tries to find out why . The people completely on fire are well done , but when they get to the point that they are well done in another sense , they 're obviously changed to dummies . When jets of fire shoot out of characters ' arms , it looks silly rather than alarming the way it should . Also ridiculous is fire that evidently travels through phone lines and erupts in huge jets from the receiver 's earpiece . How is that supposed to happen , exactly ? Something else that struck me as silly about the movie is when a character has visions of his late parents . We later see the exact same shots from those visions in home movies .
0	I haven 't seen the first two - only this one which is called Primal Species in England . I don 't think I 'll be bothering to look them out though . This is an awful film . Terrible acting , bad dialogue , cheap rubber monsters . Everything about it is so nasty . The most sympathetic characters die really quickly and leave you with the annoying ones , especially one called Polchak , who is an incredible jerk . No-one like that would survive 5 minutes in the army . He lasted for ages but I was pleased when he finally got his head got chewed off - I was having nightmares he was going to survive . The Colonel was rubbish too - all moody pouts and clueless shouting . And the specky Doctor looked and acted like she was out of a porno . I was waiting for her to take her glasses off , shake her hair and turn into a vamp , but she didn 't . Pity that , as it would 've livened the film up no end . Didn 't Roger Corman used to make half decent films once ?
0	This movie had mediocrity , laziness , and thoughtlessness written all over it . If you are going to do a movie about vampires that has been done thousands of times already , then you better do a damn good job . I 'll be the first to say that this movie just did not cut it . Some scary / horror movies just fail to break the mold of the " lets do something forbidden and forsaken for the sake of fun because all the stories are just lies " clich . This one , sadly , was no different , and like all scary movies , once you venture down that road there is no going back . And the ending ? How do the heroes do the same job over and over throughout the movie , but then mysteriously they get wrapped up in the moment and cannot do the job in the end ? The ending was very anti-climatic and spelled part 3 which I will never watch . Terrible movie .
1	a movie about the cruelty of this world . I found it liberating , as only truth can be . It also contains some quite funny bits . Some of the acting is extraordinary , see Maria Hofsttter for instance . The director has tried to depict life as realistically as possible , succeeding . Coherently , the sex scenes are explicit and no more fake than those of a hard-core movie . Although I hardly understood a sentence , I found the vision of the movie in the original language with subtitles much more rewarding , because with the dubbing half the great work of the actors gets lost . The voice of the character played by Maria Hofsttter is particularly hard to duplicate by a dubber . My favorite movie
1	18 directors had the same task : tell stories of love set in Paris . Naturally , some of them turned out better than others , but the whole mosaic is pretty charming - besides , wouldn 't it be boring if all of them had the same vision of love ? Here 's how I rank the segments ( that might change on a second viewing ) : 1 . " Quartier Latin " , by Grard Depardieu One of the greatest French actors ever directed my favourite segment , featuring the always stunning Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara . Witty and delightful . 2 . " Tour Eiffel " , by Sylvain Chomet Cute , visually stunning ( thanks to the director of " The Triplets of Belleville " ) story of a little boy whose parents are mimes ; 3 . " Tuileries " , by Ethan and Joel Coen The Coen Brothers + Steve Buscemi = Hilarious 4 . " Parc Monceau " , by Alfonso Cuarn ( " Y Tu Mam Tambin " , " Children of Men " ) , feat . Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier ( funny ) ; 5 . " Place des Ftes " , by Oliver Schmitz , feat . Seydou Boro and Aissa Maiga ( touching ) ; 6 . " 14th Arrondissement " , Alexander Payne 's ( " Election " , " About Schmidt " ) wonderful look for the pathetic side of life is present here , feat. the underrated character actress Margo Martindale ( Hilary Swank 's mother in " Million Dollar Baby " ) as a lonely , middle-aged American woman on vacation ; 7 . " Faubourg Saint-Denis " , Tom Tykwer 's ( " Run Lola Run " ) frantic style works in the story of a young actress ( Natalie Portman ) and a blind guy ( Melchior Beslon ) who fall in love ; 8 . " Pre-Lachaise " , by Wes Craven , feat . Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell ( plus a curious cameo by Alexander Payne as ... Oscar Wilde ! ) ; 9 . " Loin du 16me " , by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas ( simple but moving story from the talented Brazilian directors , feat . Catalina Sandino Moreno ) ; 10 . " Quartier des Enfants Rouges " , by Olivier Assayas ( " Clean " ) , a sad story feat. the always fantastic Maggie Gyllenhaal ; 11 . " Le Marais " , by Gus Van Sant , feat . Gaspard Ulliel , Elias McConnell and Marianne Faithful ( simple , but funny ) ; 12 . " Quartier de la Madeleine " , by Vincenzo Natali , feat . Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko ; 13 . " Quais de Seine " , by Gurinder Chadha ; 14 . " Place des Victoires " , by Nobuhiro Suwa , feat . Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe ; 15 . " Bastille " , by Isabel Coixet ( fabulous director of the underrated " My Life Without Me " ) , feat . Miranda Richardson , Sergio Castellitto , Javier Cmara and Leonor Watling ; 16 . " Pigalle " , by Richard LaGravenese , feat . Bob Hoskins and Fanny Ardant ; 17 . " Montmartre " , by and with Bruno Podalyds ; 18 . " Porte de Choisy " , by Christopher Doyle , with Barbet Schroeder ( mostly known as the director of " Barfly " , " Reversal of Fortune " and " Single White Female " ) . I could classify some segments as brilliant and others as average ( or even slightly boring ) , but not a single of them is plain bad . On the whole , I give " Paris , Je t 'Aime " an 8.5 / 10 and recommend it for what it is : a lovely mosaic about love and other things in between .
0	Peter Fonda is so intentionally enervated as an actor that his lachrymose line-readings cancel out any irony or humor in the dialogue . He trades sassy barbs and non-witty repartee with Brooke Shields as if he were a wooden block with receding hair ; even his smaller touches ( like fingering a non-existent mustache on his grizzled face ) don 't reveal a character so much as an unsure actor being directed by himself , an unsure filmmaker . In the Southwest circa 1950 , a poor gambler ( not above a little cheating ) wins an orphaned , would-be teen Lolita in a botched poker game ; after getting hold of a treasure map promising gold in the Grand Canyon , the bickering twosome become prospectors . Some lovely vistas , and an odd but interesting cameo by Henry Fonda as a grizzled canyon man , are the sole compensations in fatigued comedy-drama , with the two leads being trailed by cartoonish killers who will stop at nothing until they get their hands on that map . Shields is very pretty , but--although the camera loves her pouty , glossy beauty--she has no screen presence ( and her tinny voice has no range whatsoever ) ; every time she opens her mouth , one is inclined to either cringe or duck . * 1 / 2 from * * * *
1	This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein , played wonderfully by Walter Matthau , and his cronies play match maker to his niece ( Meg Ryan ) and a talented auto mechanic ( Tim Robbins ) . The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a terrific supporting cast of well recognized character actors . This movie is cute and fun ... a " feel-gooder " ! Hearty recommendations .
1	All this talk about this being a bad movie is nonsense . As a matter of fact this is the best movie I 've ever seen . It 's an excellent story and the actors in the movie are some of the best . I would not give criticism to any of the actors . That movie is the best and it will always stay that way .
0	How wonderful . Yet another movie about America by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times , a day a piece , and believes himself to be an " expert " on the country . Sheesh . I should take a trip to Germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about Germany as the " land of Nazis " or some such . Wim IL boy , you should get together with Lars von Trier and make the ULTIMATE movie about the Americans . Of course we all know it takes a pretentious left-leaning " we are the world " European to make a " real " movie about America . Yeah , right . For a continent that started not one but TWO world wars , Europe sure has a lot of opinions about America 's wrong " foreign policy " . P.S. Don 't worry , Wim IL boy , there 's plenty of UC-Berkeley Americans that 'll just love your movie . Of course , these are the same people who thinks George W. Bush is worst than Hitler , and that a painting of a can of soup is " sheer genius " ! !
0	This was by far the worst low budget horror movie i have ever seen . I am an open minded guy and i always love a good horror movie . In fact , when I 'm renting movies i specifically look for some good underrated horror movies . They are always good for a laugh , believe i know , i have seen many . But this movie was just so terrible it wasn 't worth a chuckle . I was considering turning it off in the first five minutes ... which i probably should have . There is nothing good about it , first and foremost , the camera crew suck3d A $ $ . The intro was stupid just like the ending . Acting and special effects were terrible . Please I 'm begging you , do NOT watch this movie , you will absolutely hate it .
1	This is a great movie . It has a captivating story , an awesome main character , very good acting and killer action . This takes place mostly in the year 2036 but shows scenes that take place in past years to explain the story . The story is very well done and there are no holes . Kurt Russell is a solider named Todd who is trained from birth to kill and like all of the other soldiers have never had normal lives . Eventually the military introduces newer , younger , faster and stronger soldiers . Jason Scott Lee being one of them . As a result they don 't have any need for the old soldiers like Todd . They test out the new soldiers by having them fight some of the old soldiers , in the battle Russell is injured and assumed to be dead . The military dumps his body as well as a fewer others assuming they are all dead but what they don 't realize is that Russell is alive . Todd finds a camp filled with civilization on this planet that the military dumped him on . For a while he lives there but can 't adjust to normal life . He rarely says a word and he is at times very aggressive towards the other people . When they feel he is a danger to them they send him off to the desert . Just as Russell 's leaving the planet is attacked by the new soldiers . What the military forgot was to train the soldiers to be smart like Todd and the other old soldiers . So while these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd , Todd easily outsmarts them . The military starts realizing this and Todd kills all of their men but one . That one is Jason Scott Lee and in the end you see a classic fight scene between Russell and Scott Lee . Russell obviously comes out on top . This is one of the best action films I 've ever seen and I 've seen a lot . This has everything you could ask for in a film including some great lines . The writer also didn 't forget that Russell had never seen a woman before as he calls even women " sir " . There are no holes in this film , every minute has a purpose and it 's very entertaining . An awesome one man army action film for fans of Rambo , Commando and Missing In Action . This is highly recommended for all Kurt Russell fans and action / sci-fi fans .
0	This film is overblown , predictable , pretentious , and hollow to its core . The settings are faithful to the era but self-conscious in their magnification by prolonged exposure . The lingering over artifacts stops the action and cloys almost as much as the empty dialogue . Tom Hanks seems to be sleepwalking much as Bruce Willis did in Hart 's War . Tom , you can 't give depth to a character simply by making your face blank ! The content did not warrant the histrionic acting by Paul Newman . This is a dud wrapped in an atomic bomb casing .
0	On Steve Irwin 's show , he 's hillarious . He doesn 't even try to be funny and he just is but his movie wasn 't even what I would call a movie-I mean when that guy on his car is trying to kill him he 's just saying ' Oh , this is one nasty bloke ! ' and looking straight into the camera . He put his face in the camera too much ! And then when the guy falls off the car wouldn 't you expect him to be dead ? And Terri had the worst acting I 'd ever seen ! Like when the crocodile almost ate Steve she just says ' Steve ' . She didn 't sound scared or anything , it was just ' Steve ' . I mean I hate to sound mean but that was not worth seeing . I love Steve Irwin but his movie was just too stupid .
1	Fact : Stargate SG-1 is a cheesy sci-fi TV series . There 's no escaping facts . How much you try to excuse yourself or explain it Stargate SG-1 remains a cheesy sci-fi TV series . Stargate SG-1 does borrow and steal ideas briskly . Special FX aren 't nearly as impressive as they could have been and the action isn 't going to blow you out of the chair . Or couch for that matter either . But , and this is where I really think Stargate SG-1 deserves all the credit it can get , for each and every episode or stolen idea I think you can count at least one cheesy sci-fi movie that 's actually worse than a one hour TV episode . In fact some episodes actually could probably have been 90 minutes long and still have been better than most movies . And being able to keep that quality throughout the show and keep delivering and pushing the storyline further is what makes Stargate SG-1 special . I am very picky with my selections . I follow perhaps one or two TV series at most and I hold pretty high standards which made me even more surprised when I found myself caught . So for those who decide to brush of Stargate SG-1 as yet another tacky sci-fi show , don 't . Stick with it and you 'll see what I 'm talking about .
1	The story of a drifter , his sheep ranch boss , and the boss 's daughter is not for all tastes , but it 's still very intriguing . It takes place in the beautiful country of New Zealand , amongst the scenery we 've come to know so well through other films from this region . This movie was the first time I had ever seen the excellent Mary Regan , and I 've been a fan of hers ever since . The cast also contains Bruno Lawrence , who is probably best remembered by American audiences from the film " Smash Palace " . Terence Cooper takes a turn as the ranch owner who pays a little too much of the wrong sort of attention to his daughter ( Regan ) . Sharply acted , with unforgettably shattering performances from all of its leads . I first saw this movie in extremely edited form on late night television here in America , but believe you me , the unexpurgated version is not to be missed .
0	What the hell is this ? " Kooky drama " ? " Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land " ? The world 's thinnest , most duck-faced actress ( even more duck-faced and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer ) overacts her bony butt off , making cretinous grimaces that would shame Bugs Bunny , in one of the most animated non-animated TV series ever . This is also the most annoying one-hour-format TV show ever , hence the worst . All the men act like pansies , and I for one refuse to believe that even hip big-city shysters are all as delta-male-like as this sorry ( short ) bunch . Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his fake Hollywood " shshshs " speech impediment : it 's the sort of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter " S " by turning it into a moronic " SH " that the likes of Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal . Watching MacNicol talk , I always wonder how come his jaw doesn 't dislocate ... Human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncing of the " SH " sound more than three times per second . He is a medical wonder . This badly conceived and written legal-drama / comedy hodgepodge also features some very 90s PC . It has POLITICAL CORRECTNESS written with huge , neon letters . Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of LAWYERS being full of ideals , high principles , and moral fiber ? Laughable , but that 's the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception . After all , what is more noble than defending a murderer , a rapist , or a thief ? When a TV series as retarded as " Ally McBeak " starts preaching to America about how it should run the country , then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become President . " Ally McQuack " is both a product of recent and large-scale Western dumbing-down and a perpetrator of it . Those supposed touches of " eccentricity " , like the UNBELIEVABLY annoying musical numbers , are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny . This is no Monty Python . Whatever " new " the talent-free makers of this garbage were aiming for , they failed with honours . " Ally McBeak " is a highly commercialized TV venture aimed at indiscriminating yuppies , bored housewives , and bipolar lawyers . It 's yet another dull " objection overruled sustained your Honour may I call the witness " legalistic baloney that the American audiences seem to eat up with relish for some strange reason ...
1	... but I enjoyed this show anyway . I 've been reading some of the comments prior reviewers have had to say about this show , and I 'm having a hard time completely nullifying all the criticism in my own head ( except one : that the show was stale ; this program was ANYTHING but stale ) . A lot of the stuff people take issue with about this show is on the money : pretentious ; forced ; overwrought ; desperate for attention ; self-satisfied ; annoying ever-present narration . But you know what ? I really liked it . It was different , it was original , it really , really TRIED ; and that made up for all the minuses . The show was bright , verbal , quick , witty , interesting , fun to look at ... you know , it was only on once a week , I could take it once a week and look forward to it and enjoy it . I will mourn its passing . But I guess nobody will be bringing this back to life .
0	There is just one word for this film . Appalling . The director clearly has talent but like his character Robert Carmichael he throws it all away . Carmichael has potential , but like Cray he can 't be bothered to use it . Being drawn into petty crime and then descending into depravity is Cray 's vision of British youth . Like the British tabloids this film portrays young people with no aspirations or respect . Cray cries out for attention , but deserves none . I was appalled by the act of violence that Cray chose to shove in the faces of the audience . He assumes the audience are ignorant of world atrocities . Like a piece of obscene graffiti on a toilet wall he shows us male depravity with adolescent glee . Some actors of quality have small parts in this film . Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville both make short appearances . The acting is otherwise amateur , the young men Joe and Ben are cringe making . Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is creepy . Miranda Wilson plays Monica , the attractive wife of celeb chef Jonathon ( Michael Howe ) ; how she was able to subject herself to such an ordeal is beyond belief . The film is never subtle and Monica is treated to the most gratuitous violence which is cut with war action . War imagery is used to convey the idea that young men cannot help themselves , that acts of violence will occur within even " civilised " countries . This is most certainly true and is symptomatic of our altered society where males have an increasingly less important position , but Cray descends to the level of the barbaric males he seeks to expose through his use of such brutal and violent images . The female characters in the film offer no relief . They are either victims or in Manville 's case a washed out mother . The community is represented as dysfunctional . This is Cray 's first film . I listened to what he had to say during a Q and A session at Edinburugh and he is not unintelligent , he simply lacks experience and his film exposes his naivety . The film is due to be released later this year , but I hope the company goes bust cos the public really don 't need this kind of messed up material .
0	I usually start by relaying the premise of the film , but before anyone makes any hasty judgments about my review , let me preface it by saying that I 'm someone who likes most films ( just check my other reviews ) . Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll , whose film right before this one was House of the Dead ( 2003 ) . Like Alone in the Dark , it was also a film adaptation of a video game . Almost everyone hated it . Well , I loved it . I even gave it a 10 out of 10 ! My point in stating this ( which will surely turn some readers off immediately ) is that if even I hated Alone in the Dark , there must be something wrong with it . The Premise : Who am I kidding ? Attempting to state a premise for this film is about as easy as trying to balance the United States ' budget , but here it goes anyway . Some archaeologists discovered evidence of some lost American Indian tribe . The Indian tribe apparently had discovered some means of broaching the " second world " , which was evil in nature . The bad stuff wiped them out , but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key . Later , some scientist / government researcher who had been experimenting with the paranormal , and specifically this tribe , decided to experiment on some kids , to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world . ( Believe it or not--everything up to this point and then some is told to us in a written prologue to the film--it 's just white text scrolling across a black screen with a voice-over also reading it to us ) . Then , there was something about the kids being in an orphanage , but the government takes them back out , and then a bunch of people are searching for archaeological relics , and there are super humans roaming around , and a bunch of military people are called in and on and on . In fact , the exposition never really stops . It 's like a neverending backstory from hell . There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films , maybe 25 . But not one of them is presented in a coherent way to create one good film . In addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and the superhumans , we also get monsters that resemble a cross between Alien and a werewolf , worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens , tunneling worms underground , zombies , Starship Trooper-like wars , evil scientists , underground lairs , gold mines , spooky warehouses , impalements , big mostly unused museums , government conspiracies , golden trunks pulled out of the sea , nuns , explosions , complex backstabbing plots , a very ambiguous romance , car chases , home invasions , kitchen sinks . . . wait , I can 't remember if that last one was in the film . Even more amazingly ( amusingly ? ) , in Fangoria # 240 , producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying , " We 're spending much more time on story , being very meticulous about that " . Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark " a smarter film " . Let me not mislead anyone . A lot of that stuff above might sound yummy to the potential audience for this film , but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else . I usually had no idea what any setting 's relation was to any other setting , why we were there , or what anyone was doing ( at least when each scene began ) . It 's just a random mishmash of settings and clichs , as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers . Then when he was done , he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film by using dice , then reassembled it by throwing the I Ching . Sometimes the film plays like an extended director 's reel ( which is a combination of short , varied , unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to get work ) , but perhaps that 's being too generous . I 'm not sure Boll would get work if this were his reel . Just as I tend to at least like most films , I tend to like most actors and most performances . It 's very rare that I say that a performance was bad . Well , Tara Reid was bad here--and I 'm someone who usually likes Reid . I don 't know what happened . For a large percentage of the film , they just move her around the set like a prop . They might as well have just bought a blow-up doll . That would have saved them money that they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in castle and graveyard settings . Maybe they chose to move her around like a pretty piece of driftwood after they saw the dailies of her mumbling nonsense dialogue in a monotone that 's usually reserved for entertaining mother-in-laws . And speaking of that dialogue , a lot of Alone in the Dark plays like a Godzilla film without Godzilla . By that , I mean that it 's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook . At least in Godzilla films , there 's a campiness to it , because they know how ridiculous it is , and there 's a big payoff in that we get to see Godzilla destroy downtown and battle a giant gnat with radioactive death beams shooting from its eyes or something . Just what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here , besides overacting and filing lawsuits against their agents , is difficult to say . I can 't say that I thought anyone in the film had a decent performance , although maybe Slater at least saw the cigar . I think that 's unprecedented for me . Still , I didn 't give this film a 1 . There was some competent cinematography , even if Boll and Schwadel made mincemeat out of it , and the hard rock tunes over the end credits were good . Heck , even the novelette prologue wasn 't so bad . I actually thought the film had promise at that point . But this may just be the worst film I 've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more .
1	Legend of Zu I remember well Tsui Hark 's original Zu Warriors made 18 years earlier . Over one Christmas , on a rare week when Channel 4 in the UK showed a week of Hong Kong movies , Zu Warriors was so gripping for a very young viewer and his brother and so memorable , that it 's been etched into the memory of the now grown up sprog ... In fact , I think the original Zu Warriors is one of the earliest films I saw as a kid that I can clearly recall the story line and action scenes from . And the memories of seeing Yuen Biao , Sammo Hung and others in their classic prime . So when I saw this remake of Zu Warriors , there was a feeling of apprehension . Could it beat the dreamy childhood memories I had of the original , or will it follow the road of other remakes and die a death more horrible than the baddies and their broken necks you find in those kung fu movies ? Well the answer is I can 't say . But that was because this isn 't really a remake . The stories ( and styles ) are almost completely different . The Legend of Zu tells of the story of King Sky , a lone warrior , whose master , Dawn , declares her love for him but her life is taken from her by a monster called Insomnia . Two hundred years later , Insomnia returns , Dawn is reincarnated as Enigma , and Insomnia has returned to destroy Zu . Meanwhile White Eyebrows and Red try , with the help of King Sky , to stop Insomnia . The plot isn 't one full of twists and turns , but had enough detail in it to keep me interested . But I can see this film as one you either love or you hate . The film is very much about the special effects , with the majority of it involving several computer generated environments , much like The Storm Riders and A Man Called Hero . But unlike the other two , this film was one which didn 't overdo the graphics and the whole thing was tasteful . Nothing appears rushed - unlike Hero . The backgrounds were complementary to the acting and not at all overpowering the scenes . The story also involves plenty of characters and the intermingling of so many individuals does make the film intriguing . It was possibly on the verge of ' too many cooks ' , but generally each character had its part in the story . But some of the roles appear to be ' extended cameos ' in my opinion , and I somehow am left to slightly question the necessity of this . Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo play very central roles in the film , but I couldn 't say this film showed their best performances . Cecilia Cheung appears to at least have matured in her acting , but it is still quite raw . Kelly Lin was the new revelation for me . Despite her very short role , I have apologise and admit to ogling ! Overall , I have to say , did enjoy this film as much as I enjoyed the ' original ' . Given that both movies are made by the legendary Tsui Hark , the two films together are part of a chronicle showing how film making in Hong Kong has changed over two decades . And one beauty of that is the fact that you can 't really compare the two films at all , as much as apples are apples and pears are pears . Ultimately , both are thoroughly enjoyable films in their own right . And I 'm going back to reminisce by watching the original again . Two to watch , but not compare .
1	A funny comedy from beginning to end ! There are several hilarious scenes but it 's also loaded with many subtle comedic moments which is what made the movie for me . Creative story line with a very talented cast . I thoroughly enjoyed it !
0	Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over ? ! Yes , but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel . " The Brain " has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly " brain " . Can Jim stop him ? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished , they 're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie . But still , they 'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all . The bad guy had a brain . Why didn 't the people who made this movie ?
1	There 's some very clever humour in this film , which is both a parody of and a tribute to actors . However , after a while it just seems an exercise in style ( notwithstanding great gags such as Balasko continuing the part of Dussolier , and very good acting by all involved ) and I was wondering why Blier made this film . All is revealed in the ending , when Blier , directing Claude Brasseur , gets a phone call from his dad ( Bernard Blier ) - from heaven , and gets the chance to say how much he misses him . An effective emotional capper and obviously heartfelt . But there isn 't really sufficient dramatic tension or emotional involvement to keep the rest of the film interesting throughout it 's entire running time . Some really nice scenes and sequences , however , and anyone who likes these ' mosntres sacrs ' of the French cinema should get a fair amount of enjoyment out of this film .
1	this was a real guilt pleasure ... i saw the trailer and all the advertising , so i figured ' why not check out this vh1 movie ? ' and , as they used to say on t.v. , ' i can 't believe i watched the whole thing ! ' quinn and harris were believable beatle boys , and , although the accents were sort of over-the-top and difficult to decipher at times , i found the dialogue believable as well. the film touched upon the tenuous relationship of len / mc and showed how , deep down , they were simply two guys who grew up close together and shared a passion for music - coming at it , though , with different sets of issues and personal needs. you find yourself wishing they 'd hopped in the cab to snl for an impromptu reunion that would have knocked the world 's socks off , but you also gain a greater appreciation for why they didn 't
1	This one tends to get slighted by a lot of critics and Kurosawa fans , but I thought it was wonderful . It 's an episodic multi-character study of Tokyo 's poorest , who live in a city literally made from garbage . Though it looks like an A-Bomb just hit , the film has a sort of serene beauty thanks to the glorious use of Technicolor . The title comes from the sound made by the insane young man who drives an imaginary trolley through the slum . All the characters were wonderful and all the stories engrossing , but perhaps the most tragic concerns the man and his young son who live in an abandoned car . When not searching for food , they spend their spare time using their imagination to build their dream house . An emotionally moving and beautiful film .
0	When I noticed that " Hamish Macbeth " was being broadcast in the United States , I was thrilled . I then had the misfortune to watch the darn thing . I adore M. C. Beaton 's books about the wonderful Scottish Constable . The characters in the book are entertaining and very well-written . The powers that be who are responsible for this mish-mash apparently have never have read one of Beaton 's books . Only the name " Hamish Macbeth " has anything to do with the series . Besides the lack of familiar characters , I find the whole show offensively loud . It seems that the actors feel they must shout their lines and scream at each other . If you love M. C. Beaton 's adorable Hamish Macbeth don 't waste your time on this rubbish .
1	This was usually producer Alexander Korda 's advice on set to many of his underlings ; the film is credited with three directors but in truth Alex , Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped out , pushing it to six . For John Kobal 's 1987 book , " The Top 100 Movies " , his survey of 81 film critics saw The Thief of Bagdad reach 55th place . A closer examination reveals only Jose Luis Guarner , John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself actually voted for the picture , but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half-way mark . The outbreak of the Second World War saw the movie 's production shifted around England and America , eventually seeing completion in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars . Like Citizen Kane , it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love . The special effects , outstanding for the time , are still reasonable , and actually hold up if you squint . But it 's not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions . Among them is an amusing horse , constructed out of a kit model , which , when a key is inserted up it 's rear end , begins to fly . There 's also a killer toy of the six-armed Goddess Kali , ( perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her ) and a quite horrific-looking giant spider . Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet . But most memorable has to be Rex Ingram appearing as , in a superb moment of cinematic conceit , a djinn ( genie ) nearly a thousand feet tall ! Ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature , and adds an element of danger to the proceedings . And look out for the moment where he 's tricked back into his bottle ! John Justin does well as the Arabic king who , for some strange reason , has an English accent and a stiff upper lip . Sabu , the astonishingly muscled 15year-old , is near-namesake Abu , a likeably cocky thief . After they cross paths with the evil Jaffer ( Conrad Veidt ) , Justin finds himself blind and Abu is turned into a dog . When it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind Ahmed 's ( Justin 's ) perspective , we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues . In truth , the second half is someway the better , being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature . Three small songs pepper the piece , though as the film lasts for 100 minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient ; I wouldn 't classify this as a musical . It 's all great fun ; Justin and June Duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads , Veidt is the boo-hiss villain , and Abu is the youthful , irrepressible robber . It may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of 40s English movies , but once you 've sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in . Quite commendable .
1	I LOVED this flick when it came out in the 80 's and still do ! I still quote classic lines like " say it again " and " you said you 'd rip my balls off sir " . Ron Leibman was hot and very funny ! Although it was underrated and disowned by MAD , I have to say that this little gem will always be a treasure of mine and a movie that I would take with me if sent to a deserted island ! I only wish that someone would release the DVD because my VHS tape is about worn out ! If you like cheesed out comedy , this is definitely for you and should be considered a cult classic ! It is military humor at it 's best and worse ! Rent it if you can 't own it !
1	Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters . My dad took my sister and I , and the funny thing is - when we got home , dad asked us " what do you want to do now ? " and we said we want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again ! lol , and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that 's how I remember it . I was five years old at the time . This movie was pretty scary for a five year old . The scene with the giant ocean of sweets , and the hypnotic camel scene .. i don 't remember a lot from this film , naturally , the beginning was magical , and a few scenes -- I wish I could find it again , and will likely seek it out now . I remember I loved Raggedy Ann & Andy .
1	Loved the movie . I even liked most of the actors in it . But , for me Ms. Davis ' very poor attempt at an accent , and her stiff acting really makes an otherwise compelling movie very hard to watch . Seriously if any other modern actor played the same role with the same style as Ms. Davis they would be laughed off the screen . I really think she ' phoned this one in ' . Now if it had Myrna Loy or Ingrid Bergman playing the part of the wife I would have enjoyed it much more . I guess I just don 't ' get ' Bette Davis . I 've always thought of her as an actor that ' plays herself ' no matter what role she 's in . The possible exception is Now Voyager . I 'm sure many of the other reviewers will explain in careful ( and I hope civil ) detail how I am totally wrong on this . But , I 'll continue to watch the movies she 's in because I like the stories / writing / supporting casts , but , I 'll always be thinking , of different actresses that could have done a better job .
1	THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is proof that the great genius Orson Welles could direct a " mainstream " movie if he wanted to . By comparison to his other , more artistic works , this film has only a moderate amount of craftiness , and almost no esoteric elements . The exception being , of course , the final scene in the hall of mirrors , widely agreed to be one of the greatest scenes in the history of film . It alone is worth the cost of a rental . The sweet surprise was the superb acting by the beautiful Rita Hayworth . Her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent , she made the other actors appear as caricatures instead of characters . Even the great Mr. Welles .
1	I saw this with few expectations and absolutely loved it ! Bend it like Beckham is a fairly typical coming-of-age movie about a fairly atypical girl . This is Parminder Nagra ( " ER " ) ' s breakout role , playing Jess , a teenager in England who is caught between her traditional Indian family and her love of football ( that 's soccer to us North Americans ) . And even though she 's actually much older than her character , she plays the role pitch-perfect . This is a movie about friendship - specifically Jess 's friendship with Jules ( Keira Knightley ) , her teammate who is also going through family issues , especially with her mom , who wears purple nail polish and little bows on her shoes , and who wants Jules to be more feminine , wear lacy underwear and flirt with boys and is terrified that playing sports means her daughter is a lesbian . Jules and Jess both love playing the game and have issues trying to convince their families to let them go after their dreams . They also , unfortunately , both love the same man - Joe , their coach ( played by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers ) . The love triangle causes some strain in their friendship . In some spots , Bend It Like Beckham falls into clichs . In others , scenes drag on far too long , and this movie probably could have benefited from overall tighter editing . But this was a refreshingly fun film about growing up , culture clash , and the love of football . It 's about female empowerment , chasing your dreams , and supporting your friends . Funny , charming and fun , Bend It Like Beckham is the little film that could ... and did . Excellent . 8 / 10 .
1	I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it , although I felt like the editing job was a little rough , though it may have been deliberate . I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation . It seemed a little forced , though . I certainly think that the movie is worth watching , but I think it could have used a little cleaning up . Some scenes just don 't seem to make sense after others . I 'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is . It 's not outstanding , but it doesn 't have any really serious problems . I gave it a 7 / 10 . The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to . They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies .
1	At first you think another Disney movie , it might be good , but it 's a kids movie . But when you watch it , you can 't help but enjoy it . All ages will love this movie . I first saw this movie when I was 10 and now 8 years later I still love it ! Danny Glover is superb and could not play the part any better . Christopher Lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part . Tony Danza is so believable as Mel Clark . You can 't help , but to enjoy this movie ! I give it a 10 / 10 !
1	A realistic depiction of young love for the college set but also appealing to an older viewer like me . It has ups and downs and twists and turns and made me shed a tear or two . We rarely see movies with black urban characters that could appeal to older , non black audiences and show a more real life depiction of young black adults . This movie takes place on a college campus and town where two people meet and fall in love . In the background are various friends acquaintances and situations that impact them for better or worse . Typical plot some may say , but this really was unexpected . I found myself rooting for the survival of the couple 's relationship , seeing my own past in their story . Moments of deep thought and revelation came pouring out of the actors performances . It 's a bright film that I would endorse for those young at heart and in love or have ever been in love . Great movie . I 'll be looking for a copy to add to my movie collection .
0	I see a lot of people liked this movie . To me this was a movie made right of writing 101 and the person failed the class . From the time Lindsey Price the videographer shows up until the end the movie was very predictable . I kept on watching to see if it was going anywhere . First we have the widowed young father . Clich # 1 movies / TV always kill off the the mother parent if the child is a girl , or a brood of boys so the single father can get swoon over his dead wife and seem completely out of his element taking care of the children . Starting from from My 3 Sons to 2 1 / 2 Dads . These movies are usually dramas and comedies are TV shows . Clich # 2 When a pushy woman has a video camera in her hand she will play a big part in the movie . And will always have solutions or even if that person is a airhead Clich # 3 If the person in peril is a foreigner they have to be of Latino origin . And they must be illegal . Apparently there are no legal Latino 's and illegal Europeans , unless if there is a IRA element involved . Clich # 4 The said Latino must be highly educated in his native country . In this case he was a Profesor who made 200 per month . And the said highly educated Latino must now act like he hasn 't brain in his head now and lets the air head side kick take over . Clich # 5 The crime the person committed really wasn 't a crime but a accident . But because in this case he has lost all of the sense he had when he crossed the boarder he now acts like a blithering idiot and now has put his own daughter in peril by taking her along on a fruitless quest to the border with the idiot side kick . Clich # 6 One never runs over a hoodlum running from a crime , but some poor little cute kid . This is because the parents of the child have to play a big part of the movie , and because the the person who accidentally killed the child can have ridiculous interaction with the parents . Clich # 7 Name me one movie in which one cop is not the angry vet and they get paired up with a rookie . Even if they are homicide detectives who have to be the most experienced cops on a police Force . Sev7n and Copy cat and Law and Order come to mind right away . And the vet even though gruff on the outside has a heart of gold . Clich # 8 Let 's go and round up some unemployed Soap Stars . Now I like Lindsey Price . But Susan Haskell IMO can not act her way out of a paper bag and when she use to be on One Life To Live as Marty he swayed from right to left every time she opened her mouth . It use to get me sea sick . She might be anchored on land better now , but she still cannot act . The movie might have been more insightful if it wasn 't filled with clichs . I don 't think a movie has to be expensive or cerebral to be good . But this was just bad . * * * SPOILER * * * * Now I am not going to spoil the ending . Oh heck I will because I feel it will be a disservice to humanity to let a person waste time they will never get back looking at this movie . It involves Clich # 6 and # 7 . Unless a person has never seen a movie before you had to see what was coming . The father makes even a dumber mistake runs from the cops at the end and gets shot by the angry veteran , who all of a sudden is very upset . You would think she thought the poor guy was innocent all through the movie and she shot him by mistake . When she didn 't . Now for the little girl who the dad brought along with him . Guess what happen to her ? Times up , she ends up living with the family whose child was killed by her father ! ! Come on ! You all knew that was going to happen , because she is a replacement child ! ! That is why she did not go and live with the Lindey Price character . This movie was a insult as far as I was concerned . Because there were so many avenues this movie could of explored and went down but it chose to take the clich ridden one . The 2 stars are for 2 of the stars , the little girl , who I thought was very good and Lindsey Price who character was annoying but she did what she could with it . My advice is take a vice and squeeze your head with it instead of looking at this dreck
0	Before I begin , I want to briefly say that this movie in and of itself is very well made and well acted by all involved , including Whittaker , who indeed deserves his nomination . It is highly entertaining , and . . . taken in the right context as a work of FICTION , it is a very good movie . For that , I give it the two stars . However , rather than wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere , I want instead to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it is truth . I stress that this film nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character , Dr. Nicholas Garrigan , is a complete invention of fiction . Rather , it presents this character into a real historical setting , and allows the uninformed viewer to assume he was in fact real , and what they are seeing is the truth . I have no problem with the blending of fact and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest matter is , in a word , reprehensible . There can be no doubt that Africa , along with most Third World Countries is rife with human misery and suffering . Hollywood has long attempted to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film . But Hollywood also has its eye toward making money . The only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere but the West is to either experience it for yourself , or to at least have it captured in an honest documentary . But these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much . At the end of the day , they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself , and more about leading you from image to image and hitting you over the head screaming , " SEE , WE TOLD YOU IT WAS BAD ! " The seminal example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after sitting through the movie . Arguably the most shocking image of the film is the viewing of the body of Kay Amin , Idi 's second wife , whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity . In the film , we see that her limbs have been severed and reattached in reverse ( arms for legs and vice-versa ) . This is the director making sure you understand that Amin is , as the Gungans say , Bom-bad ! But watching the documentary , we learn that this is in fact nothing more than a myth , which the sitting Minister of Health at the time himself tells us is not true . So . . . what . . . they just MAKE UP these things ? Why ? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence , that 's why ! They don 't trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves . Look , that she was murdered and dismembered is in itself enough for us to conclude that Amin was not the likable guy he portrayed to the media - we don 't need this Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE inspired imagery to reinforce that ! And this is just the tip of the iceberg . What is also not explained to the casual viewer is that lead character Garrigan is himself fictional . There was no young Scottish doctor taken under Amin 's wing . As such , Garrigan is clearly present only for the sake of helping us dumb Westerners understand the African world . The producers seem to thing we won 't be interested in a film about Africa unless there is a white face in it . ( Ironically , even the titular character is portrayed by an American black actor ! ) The problem with this is that the movie is no longer an expose of Amin and his regime , but instead an exploitative thriller about a white Westerner coming to Africa for all the wrong reasons , making several horrible mistakes , and then " redeeming " himself , even at the cost of three other innocent lives . Honestly , I have to say it is nearly reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of a tryst with a fictional Scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment ! I really wish Hollywood would stop jerking us around for our money . I first realized its propensity to do this with the woefully manipulative A BEAUTIFUL MIND , Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman 's sugary-sweet adaptation of the life of John Nash , which deleted the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero that America just can 't get enough of . The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years , and viewers , who are predictably and understandably too lazy or uncaring to investigate for themselves , buy these fake portraits hook , line , and sinker . Look , I 'm certainly not suggesting Amin is being turned into a villain he wasn 't . My point is , with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man , why must Hollywood then go to such fictional lengths ? Why must Hollywood continue to insult us by holding our hands through these films ? Why can they not trust us to think for ourselves ! ? Can we not just put the honest portrayals on screen and let the audience decide for themselves ? I urge all who continue to watch Hollywood 's purportedly " true " movies to do yourself the favor of ALWAYS investigating for yourself , and to NEVER assume that what is on screen is even close to the truth !
1	Samuel Fuller brings his customary playful and stylish direction to this seedy , pulpy story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gems of 1950s cinema . Richard Widmark plays a petty thief tough guy ( a role he perfected over the course of many movies ) , who snatches a young lady 's ( Jean Peters ) wallet on a New York subway and with it a piece of much-wanted microfilm . This is 1953 , so of course the microfilm is property of Commie spies who will stop at nothing to get it back . When the girl shows up at Widmark 's waterfront shack , sent by an abusive boyfriend to reclaim the film , Widmark senses the opportunity to shake her and her " comrades " down for big money . The plot thickens , people start dying , and Widmark and Peters fall in love . Fuller handles the love story clumsily , but more from a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction . It 's as if he included a love story under duress , and so made it intentionally unbelievable , as love stories so frequently were and still are in Hollywood films . Peters gives a remarkable performance as a tough New Yawk cookie , part gangster moll and part damsel in distress . When violence occurs against her , we genuinely care about her well being , and it 's typical of Fuller 's renegade , ahead-of-his-time style that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion . But the ultimate success of " Pickup on South Street " rests squarely on the world-weary shoulders of Thelma Ritter , who plays Moe , a feisty lady who makes money any way she can , whether that be selling neckties or acting as a police informant . Ritter gives the performance of her career ; in a breathtaking monologue , she conveys without ever directly addressing it the entire sad trajectory of her character 's life , and the hopelessness she feels waking up every morning to a world of struggle , crime and hardship . It 's as if every character Ritter ever played converges for one brief instant to give vent to all of the emotions they weren 't given a chance to vent in those other movies . The scene is the highlight of Fuller 's film , and a highlight of 50s cinema , period . Grade : A +
0	I rented this horrible movie . The worst think I have ever seen . I believe a 1st grade class could have done a better job . The worse film I have ever seen and I have seen some bad ones . Nothing scary except I paid 1.50 to rent it and that was 1.49 too much . The acting is horrible , the characters are worse and the film is just a piece of trash . The slauther house scenes are so low budget that it makes a B movied look like an Oscar candidate . All I can say is if you wnat to waste a good evening and a little money go rent this horrible flick . I would rather watch killer clowns from outer space while sitting in a bucket of razors than sit through this flop again
0	Wow , what can I say about this film ? It 's a lousy piece of crap . I 'm surprised that it got rated as high as it did . What 's wrong with this film ? Here 's a better question : What 's NOT wrong with this film . The story itself is just crap and clich . Here 's pretty much what it 's about ... Some kinda nerdy kid with no friends gets picked on , gets killed , and comes back as a scarecrow for revenge . " All " of that is packed into 86 minutes of worthless film . If you haven 't seen this movie don 't waste your time watching it . Also , the second one isn 't much better , so don 't bother watching that either ... I rated this movie a three because I liked the scarecrow 's outfit , not because there was anything good about the movie . I think you get the picture .
1	I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History ... the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular . I purchased it recently from a rack of previously-viewed videos on sale at the supermarket and I was very glad to add this one to my history video collection . Though not of the caliber of Civil War films such as " Glory " or " Gettysburg , " provides a lot of history on the pre-Civil War brotherhood among cadets at West Point . Maybe it 's the gray uniforms , the youth , or the military discipline , but I am fascinated by the story of the Corps of Cadets from around 1830 to the brink of the War . I imagine what it must have been like to sit in a classroom with other young men , learning how to make war , then later putting the lessons to use against your own classmates ! Actually , there were two classes graduated in 1861 : one class in May , the other in June. the movie makes no real mention of this , except to mention Henry A. DuPont , first graduate of the May Class ; and George Custer , last grad of the June Class. the reason for the two classes was not so much about the war , but it was the result of switching back to a four-year course of study , after a few years of experimenting with a five-year course ( I think the first class had attended five years , the other for four ) . As the movie portrays , cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other ... George " Fanny " or " Autie " Custer ; Alonzo " Lon " Cushing ; James " Beauty " Stuart ( for J.E.B. Stuart , class of 1854 ) , etc . I say this film is " Santa Fe Trail " as it should have been because that 1940 film , while enjoyable , really fudges history . Cadets from several different classes are all graduating together . JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as the best of friends and are side-by-side in stopping John Brown 's 1859 insurrection at Harper 's Ferry . In fact , Stuart and Custer were never friends , but enemies during the War . They faced each other ( for the first time , I think ) at Gettysburg in 1863 ( Stuart was at the Harper 's ferry Raid , but Custer was still a cadet at the Point when it took place ) . " Fanny " Custer plays a role in " Class of ' 61 , " though his classmate chums , Dev O 'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictional . I believe they are respectively based on Partick Henry O 'Rorke and John Pelham , two people you can look up . Anyway , I truly enjoy this film or any film which provides a window into mid-19th Century America .
1	This is the moving tale of Scotland 's legendary hero , Rob Roy , and his battles with the feudal landowners . Like Braveheart to which it is frequently compared , it is not very historical . Despite their primarily fictional nature , I rate both of these movies highly and would be hard pressed to choose between the two . The 13 Century William Wallace is , as others have noted , a larger than life national figure , while the early 18th Century Rob Roy comes across as an honourable but ordinary Scotsman . The story revolves around a clan chieftain , Robert Roy McGregor , who lives in a Scottish highland cottage with his wife Mary and their two young sons . As the movie begins , he and his fellow clansmen are hunting down some thieves who have stolen the local lord 's cattle . Rob Roy then wishes to improve the living conditions of his people so arranges to borrow one thousand Scottish pounds from a local noble , the Marquis of Montrose , in order to buy cattle to herd to market . He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend , Alan McDonald . When both McDonald and the money turn up missing , Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose as well as his despicable protg , Archibald Cunningham , and his sleazy factor , Killearn . Rob Roy 's honour is also tested when Montrose seeks to involve him in false testimony against his rival , the Duke of Argyle , whom he wishes to accuse of being a Jacobite . The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the kilted highlander Rob Roy , an intelligent , virile , and noble hero and a man whose sense of honour is pivotal to this tale . Personally , I feel that this is Neeson 's best performance , his brogue ( albeit Irish ) adding authenticity for the average viewer . Rob Roy is a stubborn , proud , courageous , and honest man whose word can be trusted . He is a loving husband & father , and also touchingly loyal to his friend , McDonald , who is accused of robbing him . Tim Roth masterfully portrays his major adversary and surely one of the most heinous and sadistic cinematic villains , Archibald Cunningham , an egotistical , ruthless strutting peacock . He is very effeminate for someone who makes it his major business to ravish the local women , whether willing or otherwise . The pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his own father 's identity , though this hardly justifies his horrendous misdeeds of murder , rape , and thievery . Also , he mercilessly casts aside the young servant girl , Betty , after she becomes pregnant with his child , resulting in her suicide . John Hurt plays the arrogant and foppish Montrose , who is eventually implied to be Cunningham 's father . The movie is essentially the very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife , beautifully depicting the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary . Those who question the presence of passion within marriage should watch this husband and wife ! I think the phrase used by this pair , ' How fine you are to me ... ' is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinema . The most compelling performance is possibly by Jessica Lange as Rob 's wife , Mary McGregor . Lacking make up , she has the pretty but natural look of a sturdy peasant wife and mother . The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham , while the disgusting Killearn looks on . Her dialogue is plain spoken but filled with pride and grace . I give Hollywood its due that for once they showed just enough in the rape scene to reveal its cruelty as well as Mary 's pain and humiliation , but nothing intended to sensationalize . Their kinsman , Alastair McGregor , shows emotional anguish when he learns of Mary 's rape , and further torment when she swears him to secrecy never to reveal to her husband her violation by Cunningham . Of course this film features the beautiful scenery of the Scottish highlands , also lavish period costumes and appropriate musical scoring . There are no grand battle scenes as in Braveheart , but continuous engaging action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham . This is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale .
1	Pandro S. Berman was " In Charge of Production " but that made him the so-called Line Producer . But who produced this epic , filmed not in Arizona but in California 's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the " gold temple " , the Thuggee huts , the British outpost at Muri , the village of Tantrapur , etc . The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven . What 's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music , although maybe the Academy didn 't offer such at the time . A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz , march and sweet , mood-setting . Brilliant ! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling 's demands . An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes . In the initial release his scenes were cut , per Mrs. Kipling 's demands . Later they were included and lent a " connection " of Kipling 's immortal poem to Ben Hecht 's screenplay . Interestingly , this very typically and pro-British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British .
0	The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies . I 'm sorry to say , however , that Disney completely messed up when they made this sequel . I 'll admit it has some good points to it . The songs aren 't bad , and the animation is clean and clear . There is some humor , I 'm sure--I don 't remember , because after watching it I immediately banned it from appearing before my eyes again . The worst point of this movie is the plot . In this movie , Ariel becomes her father . She forbids her daughter to go near the sea ( yes , out of fear ) , just as she was forbidden to go near the land . I personally think that , given her past , Ariel would maintain some of her headstrong ways and not treat her daughter like she herself was treated . Besides this fact , Ursula was replaced by a non-scary , pathetic sort of sea witch ( the underfed , forgotten sister ) who is more comical than scary . She , too , has some little underling to do her bidding--but she 's not scarier or worse than Ursula . Ursula spoiled us with her believability for badness . This sea witch is a joke . To make matters worse , Flounder is a fat , deep-voiced father ( no longer the cute guppy we all know and love ) and Eric 's voice is not even done by the same actor ( something that always annoys me in a remake / sequel ) . ( His voice difference was very obvious to me , by the way ! ) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was so that Disney could catch a few fast dollars , something I hate to think about a corporation I actually really do enjoy . I felt that this plot lacked imagination . I know that this act ( child following in the footsteps of a parent ) happens , but Ariel was different . That was what we loved so much about her . She had a dream , she fell in love , and she made that dream come true . Until she appeared in this movie , that is . Then she became just like the other adults . This isn 't the Ariel I know . And I don 't like her . I know of some children who have enjoyed this film , and I know some adults who didn 't mind it , either . But for me , and for all of you out there who have the utmost love for Ariel , please don 't see this movie . The Ariel we know dies within , resurrected only for a song or two and one final scene that actually isn 't bad ( where she accepts the water back again ) --although she takes very little part in the ending , regardless .
0	A typical Lanza flick that had limited audience appeal with a weak story line that was put together simply to justify Lanza 's MGM contract at the time . As reported by member Lastliberal ( above ) Grayson could not stand Lanza because of his obscene advances towards her off ( and sometimes on ) camera . In addition , his gutter mannerism and the continual smell of alcohol in her face during scenes they did together were intolerable . After doing their second ( and last ) film together , " Toast of New Orleans " , the normally quiet Grayson stormed into Louie B. Mayer 's office and told him in no uncertain words that she would never work with Lanza again period . Mayer felt that Grayson was much more valuable to MGM then Lanza , so Grayson 's statement stuck . Grayson went on to star in a number of widely received ( and far more profitable ) musicals with Howard Keel and others . Later in life when asked to compare Lanza and Keel her reply was that there was no comparison between them , and that Keel was great to work with and had much more appeal to the " real people " in the audiences .
0	It 's the worst movie I 've ever seen . The action is so unclear , work of cameras is so poor , actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen . My advice from the bottom of my heart - don 't watch it unless you like such a low class torture .
1	The premise is a bit better than the execution , but that doesn 't mean the film is worth a look . Splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel . Raines is great as the resourceful woman determined to solve this puzzlement . I always enjoy Thomas Gomez .
0	I wanted to like this film , yes its a SAW , blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films . If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good , not brilliant , but good film ... unfortunately those ingredients had gone off ! The acting was terrible , and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one ( hoods taken off ) , the remarks and one liners are just terrible , yes I know , bad writing ... but this is more than that , it was bad writing coupled with bad acting . Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film ... Sorry , Im even wondering why I am bothering to review this movie at all . I will end with PLOT HOLES , PLOT HOLES & MORE PLOT HOLES ! DISAPPOINTING !
1	I took my 10-year-old daughter to see Nancy Drew over the weekend and found myself thoroughly entertained . First off , it was clean , and I mean by my standards . The majority of kids ' movies today are full of crude toilet humor and gross-out jokes to elicit cheap laughter from the pre-teen crowd . Nancy Drew is smarter than that , however , and the humor is subtle and clever . The title role is played with a refreshing vivaciousness by Emma Roberts , who is perky and polite without ever becoming annoying . Unlike The Brady Bunch Movie , where the anachronistic characters are jeered and ridiculed , Nancy 's style is treated with respect and dignity . It 's a great moment when the LA " style-conscious " girls with their Paris Hilton streetwalker attire are dismissed by the boutique owner , while Nancy , in her penny loafers and homemade Butterick pattern dress , is embraced . This movie shuns the we-need-to-enlighten-this-wholesome-girl tack so many Hollywood movies take . Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout . The mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging . There were several suspenseful moments where my daughter nervously grabbed my arm , but there were no gratuitous shock scenes . It 's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun . The supporting cast is good , particularly Marshall Bell as the creepy caretaker . There are some great cameos by Eddie Jemison , Chris Kattan and Bruce Willis and many moments that will make adults smile . This film deserves better ratings than some have given it . Not only was I glad not to be dragged to yet another computer animated film where talking animals burp and pass gas all over the place , but I was also very entertained . Had I been there without a child , I still would 've enjoyed the movie . This is one DVD that will have my daughter 's name on it under the Christmas tree .
1	More eeriness and dark secrets released in the final parts of Lars Von Trier 's fantastic horror satire The Kingdom ... Much more is revealed and the ending just leaves you begging for more . Plus a great performance from Udo Kier in a more substantial role ...
1	I have always like this great baseball movie ! It has a good cast including two tremendous actors and two of My favorites Danny Glover and Christopher Lloyd ! Also in this movie is Ben Johnson , Brenda Fricker , Big Tony Longo , Tony Danza , and Matthew McConaughey ! Also Jay O. Sanders and Dermot Mulroney ! The film has great special effects and acting from all of the film 's actors ! The baseball scenes are all realistic ! The music by composer Randy Edelman is very good and it fits the film very well ! Some of the actors who reminded Me the actual baseball personalities . Stoney Jackson 's Ray Mitchell character reminded Me Royce Clayton , McConaughey 's character reminded Me of Steve Finley , and Jay O. Sanders 's commentator in My opinion resembled how Al Hrabosky looks today . This is a fantastic movie for non and Baseball fans and I strongly recommend this film !
0	Lorne Michaels once again proves that he has absolutely no business producing movies . You 'd think that after such dismal flicks " Superstar " , " Night at the Roxbury " , and " Coneheads " , he 'd start to get the notion that maybe he doesn 't know what he 's doing when it comes to movies ( and many would argue that he doesn 't know what he 's doing when it comes to television , as well ) . Trying to make feature films out of skits that wore out their welcome the third time the were done on SNL makes no sense . I personally like Tim Meadows , and think that he would be great in the right movie . It 's a shame to see a talented guy wasted in a film that features unfunny after unfunny situation , and caps it all with a dreadfully bad song and dance scene . Any laughs here will be because the movie is so bad , not because it 's funny . Oh well , at least we can be thankful that there are many other tired SNL characters who will never have films done about them . It 's just too bad that this one made it to the big screen .
0	It is a pity that you cannot vote zero stars on IMDb , because I would not have hesitated ! In fact I would go so far as to say that this film was in the negative stars . I , like many others , bought this film thinking that because it has Michael Madsen in it , it could be good ... No chance ! This film was shocking ! Imagine a movie length ' The Bold and the Beautiful ' , well , Primal Instinct did not even come close to that good , and I had previously thought that there would be nothing worse than a movie length ' The Bold and the Beautiful ' . Michael Madsen , how could you do this to us ? The worst part is , I didn 't fast forward a bit , I was hoping that at the end they would reveal that it was all some sort of sick joke , that they thought it would be funny to make us watch such a horribly bad film . Where do I start ... ? Directing - Zero Stars , Screenplay - Zero Stars , Acting - Zero Stars , Cinematography - Zero Stars , Digital Effects - Zero Stars , Production Design - Zero Stars , Make-up - Zero Stars , Casting - Zero Stars , Editing - Zero Stars , Trailer - Half a Star , Graphic Design - Half a Star , DVD Menu - Half a Star . However I think that it is very important to have seen bad films just so that you know what a really bad film is , so for that reason I am happy that I saw this film , just so that I have a bad film to put at the bottom of my list .
0	Damn , I thought I 'd seen some bad westerns . Can 't top this one though . Hell I think I 'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud . I dont think I 'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off . Just really bad . But hey , if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck . It 's just as bad , but much funnier . 1 / 10
1	Shamefully , before I saw this film , I was unfamiliar with Helena Bonham Carter . I had to do some research , in order to assure myself she wasn 't actually afflicted , as was her character , with ( well ? ) , what she was afflicted with . I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady . She pulled it of flawlessly . Who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants , and needs , of a unique young lady , could be interpreted as tender , and romantic ? Well , they can be , when the right performers present them in the proper manner , as they did in this wonderful movie . I forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful Miss Carter looked in this movie . I have often said she was the most beautiful creature to have ever graced the face of our earth , but she seemed to have out done herself in this particular movie . I hope any of you who watch this movie enjoy it as much as I did . Thank you for letting me express my opinion .
0	When I was younger , I liked this show , but now ... BLECCH ! ! ! This show is sappy , badly written , and rarely funny . The three leads were all good actors and funny men ( Saget 's stand up was a lot better than the stuff this show came up with , as was Coulier a better stand up , and Stamos was a better than average actor ) . After a while , Stamos wanted off the show because it wanted to do more serious stuff ( who could blame him ? ) . The show eventually got cancelled when many of the actors demanded more money . Here are a few things that drive me crazy about the show : 1 . The catch phrases- How many times can one person put up with tiring catch phrases like with ' how rude ' , ' you got it dude ' , ' nerdbomber ' , ' cut it out ' and ' have mercy ' in a 24 hour time period ? 2 . Kimmy Gibler- the most annoying character ever written for television . 3 . The writing- stale and cliched as an oreo cookie . There is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing . Full House had bad cliched writing . 4 . Three men living together in San Francisco- Enough said . 5 . Unrealistic stuff- Too much to recall . 6 . Trendy kids- The girls had all the latest mall fashions and you can see posters of trendy recording artists they would be into . Now this show is on Nick @ Nite . I would hardly call it a classic . I have nothing bad to say about the people involved since I think many of them are talented in their own right . But this show was just so sugary sweet , I couldn 't stand it after a while .
0	I 'd have to say that this was a little embarrassing for the ' King of the Cowboys ' ; made in 1948 , the picture came out a decade after Roy Rogers ' earliest pictures in which he had a starring role . Roy 's character comes off as a bit clueless in this one , along with his female co-star Jane Frazee , who alternates her allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston , portraying chief bad guy Bill Regan . The whole story seems kind of muddled , with missed opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so . Like the legend of the ' Hangman 's Hotel ' for example , which says the hanged man comes to life at midnight . With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher , you would think the story would get a little mileage out of that set up . Instead , you have some convoluted proceedings that would have been better served if this had been a Bowery Boys flick . It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel gimmick that relied on poor old Genevieve , who truth be told , wound up getting more screen time than Trigger , who 's contract as ' Smartest Horse in the Movies ' didn 't have anything to say about getting upstaged by a mule . And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replacing Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude . I don 't know about you , but it was already half way into the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well ! Yet there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough , and that turned out to be Roy 's athletic dismount of Trigger while still on the run from the bad guys . OK , it was probably a stunt double , but I haven 't seen that one before in a couple hundred Westerns . Jane Frazee does the honors as the female lead in this picture , as she would in four other films opposite Roy in the 1947 / 1948 time frame . In " Under California Stars " , she appeared as Andy Devine 's cousin , appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher . You 're never quite convinced what side she 'll come in on in this story though , since she starts out pretending to be someone she 's not , and winds up on the good guy side almost by accident . Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy films might be as surprised as I was to see James Finlayson here as the Sheriff of Sintown . I would have liked a little more comedy relief written into his role , but he played it pretty straight after all . I had to wonder , when it was all over , why he and old Vanderpool ( Charle Coleman ) wound up in the mine shaft with Cookie when there was no reason for that to be . Just a way to close it out I guess , with about as much thought as went into the rest of the picture . I hate to be that harsh , but if you 've seen enough Roy Rogers flicks , you 've got to know that this was not one of his finer efforts . Say , Sintown - I wonder if that 's the same place that grew up to be Sin City ?
0	Mimicking its long title the movie finds ways to come close to the 90 ' mark . The beautiful sets are here with all that made the Hamer production values a trademark , yet Paris drowned in the fog is a sign of indolent neglect . The story is obvious and can be summed up in a dozen words so there comes nothing unexpected and nothing worth more than 5 % of your attention to be expected . The directing is heavy as a direct transfer from the stage play , actors are mostly stiff as wax figures ( ok this is a Hamer feature , only it 's sometimes better featured in the whole package ) . My conclusion : this movie is trash , not worth the time I spend that evening . Eternal life is a boring matter and I should have hoped the guys in charge of programming at the Cinemathque would have known better .
0	Bad acting . Bad writing . This was a poorly written film . It 's too bad because it had some potential . It 's not even close to American Pie or Something about Mary as previous comments might have you believe . Rent it at dollar night from you local video store if you 're kind of bored .
0	Have I ever seen a film more shockingly inept ? I can think of plenty that equal this one , but none which manage to outdo it . The cast are all horrible stereotypes lumbered with flat dialogue . I am ashamed for all of the people involved in making this . Each one wears an expression of fear not generated by the plot , but by the realisation that this project could easily nix their career . Even the many charms of Ms. Diaz don 't provide an adequate reason to subject yourself to this . Avoid , it 's obviously a style of film that Americans haven 't really got a grasp of . Watch the final result if you must , and you 'll see what I 'm talking about , but DON 'T say I didn 't warn you ...
1	In Christian Duguay 's movie , Hitler : The Rise of Evil , Hitler 's early years in life and politics is shown in a successful way with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration . It is quite natural for a Hollywood movie to contain such things as the main purpose of production is the income that they will get from the movie . Even though such errors may disappoint some members of the audience who believes that everything should be done by the book , I believe that most of them fits well with the rest of the movie , making it more interesting . We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary . Who cares how did his dog died anyway . Throughout the movie , Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure that gets angry very easily and is very passionate about his ideals . But he was not portrayed as a super-villain but more like an ambitious politician . I believe that this is a nice perspective as the movie is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this made the movie somewhat objective . Yes he was a little mad , and his methods were rough but he was still a human not a totally insane figure as portrayed in " Inglorious Bastards " . I believe it made the movie more realistic even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts . The flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators . Even though the movie 's focus was around Hitler we also had chance to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions via newspapers , discussions of people and the songs in a Jewish cabaret . Also society 's reaction was also reflected to movie but it was very limited . Struggles of journalist Fritz Gerlich and ironic plays that are played in the cabaret was amusing and interesting but that was all . Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him . Another thing that was missing in the movie is information about the origins of his hatred for Jews . In the beginning of the movie , some ideas about this is given but they were quite superficial . All of a sudden he was a politician who is giving speeches about necessity of extermination of Jews . In conclusion , Hitler : The Rise of Evil cannot be considered as an excellent movie that everyone will like but it is not unsatisfactory at all . If you can stand directors that change history for cash , it is an interesting movie reflecting Hitler 's personality in a successful way .
0	A scientist on an island is in deep sorrow about the loss of his son who died of kidney cancer . So he thinks : why not turn my dead son into a hammerhead shark . Well , who wouldn 't ? It 's a little hard to cope with the fact that the hammerhead shark that 's killing everybody is constantly being called " Paul " . Also , William Forsythe 's cast as a MacGyver-kick-ass-savingtheday- kinda hero lacks credibility . On the other hand there are a few hot chicks who make you actually look at the screen while shark Paul bites another one to death . As a matter of fact I find bad b-movies quite amusing . But for my taste it would have been a much better movie if it was made for say 1000000 bucks less . Then it might have been fun .
0	I saw virtually no redeeming qualities in this movie . The only thing I did see was Quentin Tarantino 's seeming insane obsession for it ... There were some attractive women in this movie and perhaps that is one decent quality . Overall however , I found this movie surrealistic and ridiculous . The hand held film making coupled with slow motion and other cinematic gimmicks I found clumsy and dizzying , even sickening . Overall the music throughout was horrible and repetitive to the extreme as well reminding me of psychological warfare of the U.S. military against various malcontents . The various vignettes that made up the movie are haphazard in their placement and unfulfilling and unresolved in their content and " conclusions . " A depressing movie ( not a true _ film _ , a term I reserve for true art ) that left me with a bad feeling . Do not believe the various people that try and spin this as a " romantic comedy " though there are certainly isolated elements of both this movie repudiates in content , form , and conclusion any association with this genre . I suggest staying far away notwithstanding the seemingly overwhelming positive views of IMDb and other ratings sources .
1	I turned this on to see the incredible Ethel Waters , whose autobiography I am now reading . I 'll admit my jaw dropped when the pork chops and watermelon references started rolling in , but people cannot look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece . It 's pretty much a short film made by blacks , for blacks at a time when the entertainment industry was quite segregated and the stereotypes to the people involved were the jokes of their time , old trends exaggerated for humor . We see modern black movies do the same thing , but with the new trends ( stereotypes ) , " ho 's " and the " hood " and such . I think if you look back in eighty years , you would find today 's movies will look just as racist . What viewers should appreciate about this film is the talent of Waters and the pint-sized Sammy Davis Jr . , who out taps his contemporary , Shirley Temple , and looks remarkably the same facially as he did as an adult . Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it . Why not enjoy it for what it is , instead of what you think it should have been ?
1	I like this movie because it is a fine work of cinema , made by people who care enough to make it art and not just home movies . It is filled with Super-surfer Greg Noll 's home movies , and a boatload of amateur video from others who align themselves with his 50-year passion . Nevertheless , it has been expanded to the degree that it approaches aesthetic glory . It is filled with artistic talent , and athletic talent , however trivial you might think surfing to be athletic . Surfers are not astronauts nor test-pilots . Nor are they surgeons ( perhaps ) or Ph.d 's ( again , perhaps ) . It believes in the quest of the surfer . It believes in the beauty of human goofiness . It believes in the great gift of peace , which comes from the cessation of war . Surfers celebrate the cessation of war on the north beach of an Hawaiian island attacked by Japanese zeroes fifteen years before . It celebrates the down-time of a country which fought a cold war-instead of a hot-war - with the Russian socialists . Surfing is the ultimate narcissism . It is dangerous , but only slightly historical . I suspect Alexander the Great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique . He had to go out and conquer a few dozen countries to get the favorable press he has received . This movie has no military heroes . It has no guns . The only beach-head surfers conquer has a beer-stand and and a surfboard shop . This is not a problem . Peace is not desperate . It is the joy of exhalation .
0	Normally , I don 't like revenge films ... PERIOD . But Double Impact has a little more than your typical revenge plot premise . You see , DI has action , accuracy , exotic locales ( i.e. Hong Kong ) , awesome gun battles , and enough martial arts to satisfy your cravings for impressive unarmed combat . Like all revenge flicks , it has villains you 'd love to throw out of a plate-glass window on the top floor of a 40-story building ! However , Double Impact has none of the sensationalist crap that suffocates the plot and the elitist , racist , and venomous social stereotypes that invaded " Eye for an Eye " and " Death Wish 2 " . But in the plot department Double Impact is as transparent as saran wrap . Chad and Alex 's parents were killed by a mob hit squad connected to a family friend with money problems or at least that 's what I remembered . The explanation of why the boys were talking in French accents is a lousy one . It wasn 't the watery plot that made this movie bad , but the use of clichd lines and moves from other movies ( from Lethal Weapon to The Princess Bride ) really made it worse . But nonetheless Double Impact is still watchable . But why is that shitty movies like this have villains ( for example , that greedy British guy that killed Chad and Alex 's parents and that lethal lesbian redhead chick ) you would love to hate with fiber of your being ?
0	I often feel like Scrooge , slamming movies that others are raving about - or , I write the review to balance unwarranted raves . I found this movie almost unwatchable , and , unusual for me , was fast-forwarding not only through dull , clichd dialog but even dull , clichd musical numbers . Whatever originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical , lots of fantasy , some animation -- is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development . Individually , June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people , but can 't carry a movie as a team . Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal . They 're both bland . I like Billy Gray , but his character is pretty one-note . The best part of the film , to me , are June Haver 's beautiful costumes and great body .
1	I have been a Hindi movie buff since the age of 4 but never in my life have a watched such a moving and impacting movie , especially as a Hindi film . In the past several years , I had stopped watching contemporary Hindi movies and reverted to watching the classics ( Teesri Kasam , Mere Huzoor , Madhumati , Mother India , Sholay , etc . ) But this movie changed everything . It is one of the best movies I have ever seen . I found it not only to be moving but also found it to be very educational for someone who is a first generation Indian woman growing up in America . It helped me to understand my own family history , which was always something very abstract to me . But , to " see " it , feel it and understand it helped me to sympathize with the generations before me and the struggle that Indian people endured . The film helped to put many things into perspective for me , especially considering the current world events . I never thought that a movie could change the way I think like this before ... it did . The plot is fantastic , the acting superb and the direction is flawless . Two thumbs up !
0	American movies about war and Nazis simply cannot be good . They can not refrain from becoming idiot and following an agenda . All Nazis are bad , crazy , too proud , and Americans are so modest yet so capable and sensible and human . Come on , stop this bullshit . The main character says something like " by this trial , we have to make aggressive war a crime " . Is America a peaceful nation with its world # 1 $ 420 billion " defense " budget ( # 2 China with just $ 51b ) ? Is it simply spent in this without any ... ROI ? Why portray America as a peaceful nation when it isn 't ? I deeply dislike movies with an agenda - they throw art to hell and try to persuade us into believing something . Hollywood should put a label on movies , just as record companies have that " parental advisory " label . We should have a " bullshit advisory " , " propaganda advisory " or a " politically correct advisory " label on some movies . This is one of them .
0	Much has been made of Rohmer 's use of digital technology to ' fill in ' the background . At times it works well , the scene where Grace and her maid witness from afar the King 's execution is particularly striking . At other times it gives the film a strangely amateurish look , resembling a home video . However , the major failing is that the sheer artificiality of the mise en scene creates an alienating effect in the viewer . We know that what we are watching is not real so how can we feel for the characters ? To be frank , I did not care at all what happened to the Lady or the Duke . The other major failing , I regret to say , is the performance of Lucy Russell in the leading role . She is in virtually every scene and the success or otherwise of the film rests on her performance . OK she is speaking a foreign language but she is incapable of expressing real emotion . Her emoting in the scene where she recounts to her friend Mme de Meyler ( an excellent performance by the debutante Helena Dubiel ) seeing the head on a pole caused some embarrassed laughter in the audience . Also , watch her hands when she is expressing emotion ! All in all a very disappointing film , particularly given the positive reviews on this site .
0	This movie is unworthy of the Omen title . It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three . It never should have been made , they ought to change the title . They don 't even spell Damien Thorn 's NAME correctly ! ! ! ! And there are no daggers , the most important element of all the Omen films . Pull it from the shelves and burn it .
0	There are bad movies , then there are the movies that are SO bad , that they become almost art . This is one of those films . My partner and I are still both kind of shell shocked , you know , staring off into space and drooling ! You can tell that the people involved ( I hope they changed their names to protect themselves ) were having a blast , and they definitely weren 't shy . I give this one a three out of ten just because of the gratuitous smut and REALLY bad gore effects . I laughed out loud during most of the movie , so I guess you could say that it showed me a good time . Beware viewer , the above words in no way construe that this is a good film , because it is not . All I can say in my defense , is that it was impossible to pass up a movie with such a GREAT title !
0	This could be a cute movie for kids My grandson watched it once. he was watching it a second time I was watching some of it with him . When the little bear gets lost on the ice burg and he is in the water he is trying to get to a piece of ice it says " Come back stupid ass fool " . I don 't want my 3 year old grandson watching movies with words like this in it . That is why its rated for children . Should be child friendly . That is what I would expect. put out by warner brothers and G rated I would expect this to not have cuss words in it . The words don 't even fit the movie in most places as it seems added later . And the movie drags out in many parts .
0	This early John Wayne Lone Star western has a bit more going for it than the run-of-the-mill oaters Wayne had been making for Lone Star up until that time . For one , it has his old friend Paul Fix in it ; Fix , being a much better actor then the standard Lone Star villain , brings a much needed professionalism to the surroundings instead of the usual hesitant line-readings often delivered in these oaters . The plot , about mistaken identity , payroll robbery and murder , is as trite and perfunctory as you 'd expect it to be in a 1930s low-budget western , but Wayne 's strapping good looks , easygoing charm and way with a line go a long way to making this more enjoyable . Plump , balding Eddy Chandler isn 't quite believable as Wayne 's womanizing " partner " , and there 's a running gag about something that happens whenever Chandler and Wayne are about to get into a fistfight that grows tiresome . On the other hand , Wayne 's love interest is played by none other than Mary Kornman , the little " Mary " of the early " Little Rascals " fame . She is a grown-up 20-year-old now , blonde and cute as a button . Most of Wayne 's leading ladies in these Lone Star / Monogram " B 's " were fairly bland and colorless , but Mary is perky , cute and , yes , sexy . There 's a scene in the general store , where she works , in which Wayne asks her to get him a bottle of " nerve tonic " , which happens to be on the top shelf , so she has to get a ladder and climb up to the top shelf . Wayne 's ogling her pert little backside as she ascends the steps , then again as she comes down , then again a few minuter later when he asks her to climb up and get him another bottle is surprisingly racy for a film made in 1935 . Wayne makes no attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking out her butt . Anyway , it 's an interesting little " B " , not great , but not as choppy and random as many of his LoneStar productions of the time . The final gunfight isn 't handled all that well , and Chandler gets somewhat irritating after a while , but all in all , it 's worth a look , if only to see a cute and sexy Mary Kornman .
1	" Girlfight " is much more of a coming-of-age-story than it is a fight flick . And what a relief to have one in an urban school , with naturalistic , realistic Latinos and believable use of Brooklyn project settings . It made me realize that virtually all Hollywood high school movies are set in luxurious suburbia or small towns . ( Even the somewhat comparable " Love and Basketball " which focused on teen African-Americans was set in suburbia . ) While these kids share some of the same peer problems , those issues shrink compared to the other struggles of these kids , where high school graduation could be the major accomplishment of their lives . The feminist element here is riveting in its originality , as you hold your breath to see if she can have a relationship--and a victory-- on her terms . A lots of audience sympathy goes to the guy who is challenged to rise to a gender-bending-expectations situation . The movie does drag a bit here and there , but this is no cheap thrills " Rocky " fight movie , as the practices and fights have complex outcomes , and all the relationships--especially with fathers and father-figures-- take more center stage than the center ring . There were lots of interesting music credits listed at the end , but I hadn 't really noticed the songs . ( originally written 10 / 7 / 2000 )
0	Yet again one of the most misunderstood Goddesses of my country has been twisted by " Westerners " who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms . The Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons , and to terrify our egos . And though blood sacrifice is given to Kali and Durga , the events depicted in this film are just absurd . The Mother takes on a wrathful form to be wrathful to our inner demons , limitations , and ego when no other form will suffice . It 's also in her wrathful form that she burns away all your Karmas in the " Smashan " fires that you cultivate in your heart for her to dance on if you love her , and she will bring you to reality and truth . Reality and truth has a dark side as well as light , which serves a purpose . The Mother is the embodiment of the physical Universe as well , she is Nature . Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance . You cannot have growth and life without death and destruction . Kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life both mundane and spiritual in the universe . It 's very outrageous to me that people who know nothing of India or it 's divinity can just take one of our beloved Goddesses and use her like a cheap prostitute to make some low-budget , talentless horror film . How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that makes people chop their eyelids off ! ? She is only horrific to those who are attached to their ego and who live in delusion , greed , anger , and other inner-demons . It 's very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie must have a very serious self-deluding ego , and serious inner-demons to see Kali as so horrible and terrible . When the ego drops away she becomes a form that is enchanting , beautiful , and young , a beauty that is so enchanting to behold that she enchants the entire Universe with it . Kali Maa is an ancient Mother , not to be trifled with for the sake of entertainment , let 's just hope that in her endless compassion and mercy that she does not take on wrathful form to those involved with this movie . The audacity that Westerners have in using religions like my own , or the religions of the Caribbean Islands such as Santeria , and Vodou which are actually very positive , and other such religions to twist and exaggerate misunderstood elements that the Western mind cannot comprehend , is totally ridiculous . It 's clear that there is no respect for what people live , breathe and believe in when it comes to these kind of flicks . Kali Maa in reality is a caring and compassionate mother , whom we shed tears at her beautiful feet in devotion and love for . And I am happy that my Mother takes on wrathful form sometimes to protect her devotees from themselves and from outside forces . Many Praises to the REAL Kali Maa , who has shown MANY the path of God and realization .
0	This movie is really wack . There is really nothing nice I can say about it , besides the moral truth expressed in the film 's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime . Besides all that , the film had nothing : no good shots , no good acting , and no good script . I give this film a F and a 2 out 10 .
1	Since musicals have both gone out of fashion and are incredibly expensive to make without all the talent needed to make one under contract to a studio , I doubt we will ever get a real life story of Enrico Caruso . But if everything else was in place it was no accident that no Hollywood studio attempted the task until Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had Mario Lanza under contract . No one else could have done it , I doubt whether it will ever be tried again . And why should it . I think Enrico Caruso himself would have been satisfied as to how his singing was portrayed on screen . For his tenor voice was his life , his reason for being on the earth . To say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest . Caruso , like the man who portrayed him , was a man of large appetites although with a lot more self discipline . He had numerous relationships with several women and fathered two out of wedlock sons who are not in this film . His contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought . He 's shown in a recording studio once late in his life . Actually he started recording right around the turn of the last century and together with Irish tenor John McCormack for RCA Victor made the recording industry what it became . When Caruso and McCormack were at their heights you had to practically inherit a ticket to see either of them perform live . But a lot of immigrant Italian and Irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of either of these men . It 's why both became the legends that they are . What the film does have is some beautifully staged operatic arias done by Mario Lanza , a taste of what he might have become had he the discipline of a Caruso to stick to opera . The Great Caruso won an Oscar for sound recording and received nominations for costume and set design . Mario himself helped popularize the film with an RCA Red Seal album of songs from The Great Caruso . Unfortunately due to contractual obligations we couldn 't get an actual cast album with Ann Blyth , Dorothy Kirsten , and Jarmila Novotna also . Though Blyth sang it in the film , Lanza had a big hit recording of The Loveliest Night of the Year further helping to popularize The Great Caruso . If you 're looking for a life of Enrico Caruso , this ain 't it . If you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career , than you should not miss The Great Caruso .
0	Herbie , the Volkswagen that thinks like a man , is back , now being driven by Maggie Peyton ( Lindsay Lohan ) , a young woman who hopes to become a NASCAR champion . The only thing standing in her way is the current champion , Trip Murphy ( Matt Dillon ) , who will do anything to stop them . The original love bug wasn 't that good . Even as a kid , I remember not liking it very much . I had some hope for the sequel though . I mean the cast is pretty good and the trailer makes it seem like a pretty fun movie . Unfortunately , Herbie is no better now than he was before . The film is defiantly weak for people over the age of 12 . It will probably entertain the kids but that 's all . I realize it 's a kids film and all but they could have made the film a little more interesting . There were very few laughs and it got boring near the end . Most of the actors seemed dead in their roles too . Lindsay Lohan was alright as Maggie Peyton . She usually gives better performances like in Freaky Friday and Mean Girls . Matt Dillon gave the best performance out of everyone . He was very good as the bad guy even though he didn 't have a lot to work with . Justin Long , Breckin Meyer and Michael Keaton are really just there and they don 't do anything special . Angela Robinson directs and she does an okay job . She tries to keep the film interesting but she 's working with a weak script . Thomas Lennon and Ben Garant wrote the screenplay and would it be any surprise to you that they were also responsible for Taxi and The Pacifier ? These two make light films yet they fail to really make the stories interesting or enjoyable . It 's not completely their fault but hopefully next time they will try harder . In the end , Herbie is a safe , predictable family film that 's worth watching if you 're a kid . Everyone else is better off skipping it . Rating 4 / 10
1	The real story ( took place in Kansas in 1959 ) of a murder ( Perry and Dick , two ex-convicts who broke into a remote house on a rainy night to steal and kill everyone they met ) . Richard Brooks directed the chilling and disturbing Capote 's book about the reasons that drove these kids to the crime ( Are they Natural Born Killers ? ) . The crime scenes are very brutal and haunting because of the lack of senses and reasons for what we witnessed . Stunning black & white cinematography from Conrand Hall , excellent country - road music score from Quincy Jones , amazing performances in two principal roles from Robert Blake and Scott Wilson and first time in a movie a sad comment about capital punishment at the last moments before their deaths . Jones , Hall and Brooks ( as director and as writer for adapted screenplay ) are Academy Award nominees . Gripping , superbly directed and frightening , one of the best films of this decade
1	Even though we know how the story ends , this is a gripping fly-on-the-wall film that plays almost like a political thriller . During the calm before the storm , we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic , larger than life man who has an unbreakable connection with the mestizos who make up 80 % of the population but have previously been shut out of Venezuela 's political process and its oil wealth . He seems as devoted to them as they are to him . He travels the country at a hectic pace , reaching out to the campesinos , addressing huge crowds , hugging and kissing ordinary people , accepting letters on scraps of paper , and hearing pleas for help . The people are excited that one of their number has made it to the highest office in the land . There is an electric sense of hope and optimism that change for the better is coming to the festering barrios . But not everyone is happy with the situation . The pure-blood Castillian Spaniard elite who are a small minority but previously controlled all the wealth are full of bitterness and resentment . One of the most unintentionally hilarious moments in the film is when an Ann Coulter lookalike , at a residents ' meeting in an exclusive gated community , complains of the mestizos , " they have no concept of struggle or sacrifice . " Minutes later , a speaker tells the meeting to " beware of your domestic servants - they could be Chavez supporters . " Duh ! Of course they are . In a late night interview alone with the film crew , Chavez reveals something of his soul as he tells the story of his grandfather . He can be a sensitive , poetic person , though with an impish , even clownish , sense of humor ( like we saw when he addressed the UN and called Bush the devil . ) Then the storm starts to gather force as the coup organizers call for a mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporters into changing the route at the last minute and marching on the presidential palace , knowing it is surrounded by Chavez supporters and violence is inevitable . Another element of the plot falls into place as snipers on rooftops begin to fire on the Chavez supporters , some of whom fire back . The local equivalent of Fox News shows this return fire and claims that Chavez supporters are massacring protesters . Then the camera pulls back and reveals that there are no protesters - the street is empty ! The protesters took a different route . Needless to say the footage of the empty street was edited out by the rabidly anti-Chavez private TV stations ( who had been airing a constant barrage of propaganda calling Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixated on Fidel Castro . ) Immediately after the coup , we see the ringleaders and their media propaganda masters openly bragging on TV about how they had manipulated the situation with reckless disregard for the lives of supporters and opponents alike . The filmmakers continue to be at the heart of this chaotic , fast-changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb it . Chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed but refuses to resign and is whisked away to an offshore island where a plane awaits to take him - where ? The US ? How can the remaining cabinet members avoid arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and ultra-wealthy businessmen who are closely linked to the Bush administration ? Watch the movie and find out ! If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela is from the US media , then you know nothing . He is not an " unelected tyrant " and does not " rule by decree " - he is enormously popular , having been elected and re-elected several times with over 60 % of the vote ( something George Bush Junior has never achieved ) and the devotion he inspires in ordinary Venezuelan people is ultimately the reason why the coup fails . This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation . The skill of the filmmakers is in being unobtrusive and letting the story unfold through the voices of Venezuelans at every level from the barrio to the presidential palace , the tumultuous scenes , the chaos and confusion out of which a coherent whole emerges that is tense , riveting and moving . Not to be missed !
0	Years ago , when I was a poor teenager , my best friend and my brother both had a policy that the person picking the movie should pay . And , while I would never pay to see some of the crap they took me to , I couldn 't resist a free trip to the movies ! That 's how I came to see crap like the second Conan movie and NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN ! Now , despite this being a wretched movie , it is in places entertaining to watch--in a brain dead sort of way . And , technically the stunts and camera-work are good , so this elevates my rating all the way to a 2 ! So why is the movie so bad ? Well , unlike the first Rambo movie , this one has virtually no plot , Rambo himself only says about 3 words ( other than grunts and yells ) , there is a needless and completely irrelevant and undeveloped " romance " and the movie is one giant ( and stupid ) special effect . And what STUPIFYINGLY AWFUL special effects . While 12383499143743701 bullets and rockets are shot at Rambo , none have any effect on him and almost every bullet or arrow Rambo shoots hits its mark ! And , while the bad guys are using AK-47s , helicopters and rockets , in some scenes all Rambo had is a bow and arrows with what seem like nuclear-powered tips ! ! The scene where the one bad guy is shooting at him as he slowly and calmly launches one of these exploding arrows is particularly made for dumb viewers ! It was wonderfully parodied in UHF starring Weird Al . Plus , HOT SHOTS , PART DEUX also does a funny parody of the genre--not just this stupid scene . All-in-all , a movie so dumb and pointless , it 's almost like self-parody !
1	I originally reviewed this film on Amazon about 6 or 7 years ago , and blasted it . I believe I called it " wretched " and a " turkey . " Okay , well , by most standards , it 's still a turkey . It 's got almost no production values , what little plot there is makes almost no sense , and the acting is on the level of a third-grade play . That said , this has really grown on me over the years as a sort of camp classic . In fact , all of director Todd Sheets ' films have had this effect . They 're almost like Ed Wood in that regard : Watch them over and over and pick out the flubbed lines , continuity errors ( same zombie , two different locations ! ) , and other flaws . I 'll say this : Sheets is a very nice guy , and while this , one of his first productions , isn 't that great , he has gotten better . And I must add that the only really decent actor / actress in the film is Kasey Rousch , though I may be biased , as I attended school with her .
0	Overlong drama that isn 't capable of making any real point . So she became an actress - so what ? She learned to love - big deal . There is a certain eccentricity among the characters and in the dialog and situations , but the kind which is bad for the movie , causing it to often seem absurd . Summer Phoenix , playing the lead , talks and behaves like a semi-retarded person , so there is no choice but to watch the movie as about a retarded girl that makes it in the world of theater - which was clearly not the intended point . We are told early on ( in that " Barry Lyndon " -like narration ) that she learned to hide her emotions , which certainly explains her autistic stone-face , but the movie suffers for it . She basically walks around like a zombie , and her success as an actress isn 't quite credible given her lack of emotions . Occasionally , the movie had that dull , sleepy feel of a Dogma 95 movie . Is it one ? I wouldn 't be at all surprised . Summer Phoenix is sister of Joaquim Phoenix and the late River Phoenix . Nepotism rarely works . If you 'd like to see my Hollywood Nepotism List , with over 350 pictures / entries , contact me by e-mail .
0	The perfect murder is foiled when a wife ( played by Mary Ellen Trainor , once the wife to director Robert Zemeckis , who helmed this episode ) , who murders her husband with a poker , has the misfortune of receiving a visitor as she is about to move the body outside .. an escaped insane madman dressed in a Santa Claus suit ( played by a deviously hideous Larry Drake ) . She fends for her life while trying to find a way of hiding her husband 's corpse . She decides to use an ax , once she downs the Santa killer who misses several chances to chop off the woman 's head , to frame the killer for her husband 's murder . Santa killer locks her in a closet and pursues the woman 's daughter as she tries desperate to free herself to save the child . This episode of TALES FROM THE CRYPT just recycles tired material involving the old " Santa kills " theme while also adding the oft-used ( add nauseum ) woman-murders-her-husband-for-a-man-she 's-been-cheating-with routine . It 's essentially Trainor trying to find a way to avoid being caught with a dead body she kills while also keeping a safe distance from a maniac . There 's nothing refreshing or new about this plot which pretty much goes through the motions . Not one of the show 's highlights .
1	What Irving Thalberg did in making this film today would never be attempted again . Making a Chinese story with occidental players even if they are of the caliber of Paul Muni , Luise Rainer , Charley Grapewin , and Walter Connolly among others . Perhaps it 's partly because the story was written by a westerner , Pearl Buck who got a Pulitzer Prize for her novel in 1932 . Ms. Buck , daughter of Chinese missionaries , probably brought China closer to the consciousness of America than any other person . Not the political struggles of China , but the lives and toil of the every day people we find in The Good Earth . Unfortunately later on , Pearl Buck became an apologist for the Kuomintang China of Chiang Kai-Shek in all its virtues and excesses . The rest of her literary output never matched The Good Earth . In The Sundowners there is a great description of comparing China to Australia by Peter Ustinov . When asked the difference , Ustinov said China was very big and very full and Australia was very big and very empty . That 's what you see in The Good Earth , China very big and very full of people , more than she can deal with at times . The Good Earth tells the story of Wang Lung ( Paul Muni ) as a young man who purchases a wife from a large house where she was a slave . The woman O-Lan ( Luise Rainer ) bears him two sons and sees him through all the good times and bad they have , drought , famine , revolution , and a climatic locust plague . Luise Rainer won the second of two consecutive Oscars for portraying O-Lan . She may have set some kind of record in that it has to be the leading player Oscar performance with the least amount of dialog . Everything she does practically is done with facial expressions , her performance could have been on a silent film with very minimal subtitles . I think only John Mills in Ryan 's Daughter had fewer words and he was playing a mentally retarded man . Muni is not always appreciative of how supportive she is in that male dominated culture . Rainer helps in the field , bears and raises the kids , does the housework . When Muni becomes a man of property he takes a Chinese second trophy wife who causes him a lot of grief . Still Rainer stoically bears it all . Still Muni is not a bad man and it 's a tribute to the film and his acting and Buck 's writing that you don 't hate him and the culture gap is bridged . We 've got a group of oriental players now who do more than just Kung Fu movies . I 'm surprised The Good Earth of all films has not been remade at this point . I 'll bet the Chinese government would even let some American company do it on an actual location . Till then we 've got this great classic to appreciate and enjoy .
0	Some people have made a point of dissing this movie because they question the plausibility of black people in the Old West , Asian people in the Old West or women with guns in the Old West period . Get a grip and read a book . There were quite a few Asians ( Chinese ) , there were quite a few blacks ( freedmen ) and everybody outside of the gentile class had ready access to guns ; it is the second amendment you know . And as far as the use of modern language goes , none of those Westerns people have waxed nostalgic about actually used language that was consistent with the era depicted . Americans had different accents , used different inflections , spoke at a very different pace and used plenty of words and phrases that would be unrecognizable today . Don 't blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just didn 't dig it . Be honest . Maybe you 're just uncomfortable with what you 're seeing .
0	As a young black / latina woman I am always searching for movies that represent the experiences and lives of people like me . Of course when I saw this movie at the video store I thought I would enjoy it ; unfortunately , I didn 't . Although the topics presented in the film are interesting and relevant , the story was simply not properly developed . The movie just kept dragging on and on and many of the characters that appear on screen just come and go without much to contribute to the overall film . Had the director done a better job interconnecting the scenes , perhaps I would have enjoyed it a bit more . Honestly , I would recommend a film like " Raising Victor " over this one any day . I just was not too impressed .
1	well worth watching , especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity , you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud , but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film . This has to be Brosnan 's best performance to date , he convinces admirably as the English boy playing Indians . The stand out scene is the return to his ? Aunts ? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue , just with expressions and good direction . Perfect . The story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition , maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper . I hope so . Well done Dickie Attenborough and cast .
1	Douglas Sirk directs this over-acted drama about the unhappy affluent . Kyle Hadley ( Robert Stack ) and Mitch Wayne ( Rock Hudson ) are boyhood friends with different looks on life . Kyle is the womanizing son of an oil tycoon ; Mitch works for the Hadley Oil Company . Both fall in love with the same woman , Lucy Moore ; but it is Kyle that has the means to wow her off her feet and marry her . Sister Marylee ( Dorothy Malone ) seems to be the town 's nymphomaniac and carrying a torch for Mitch , who always seems to be the one to clean up the Hadley 's messes . Ambitious with pretension ; a little over the top , but the stars make it a movie to see . I was most impressed with Malone . Rounding out the cast : Robert Keith , Edward Platt , John Lurch and Robert J. Wilke .
1	I loved this show from it 's first airing , and I always looked forward to watching each episode every week . The plot , characters , writing , special affects were outstanding ! Then the sci-fi channel screwed up yet again and canceled a very entertaining , well written show . I say bring it back , I know all of the actors would come back . I would suggest buying the DVD 's , I am . I hope the sci-fi channels executives get word of these comments , and realize that they need to be more involved with their viewers . I only watch one show on that channel now , ( Ghost Hunters ) , but I am fairly sure that shortly they will cancel that too .
0	If I hadn 't been forced to watch this for work reasons I never would have made it past the first 10 minutes . And even then I admit I fast forwarded through parts . The ' 63 film version was vastly superior in all regards . Yes , I 've read this one is more faithful to the original play , but what a wise thing it was for the writer to change the script in ' 63 ! It 's overlong , it drags , the songs that are in this version and not in the film version are boring and unimaginative . The version of " Kids " in the ' 63 version was very funny and a true classic of sarcastic parent humor . In this version the Kim is way too old , the Conrad is * absolutely horrible * to behold ( when someone ripped his shirt off him I shuttered in disgust ... the director of this version has no idea what sexy is . ) . This Conrad can 't dance , can 't sing ( he can 't even stay in tune ) and is simply repulsive . If Elvis Presley had really been like that his career would have been over before it began . As for the other actors , well I kept waiting for Alexander 's toupee to fall off as he danced and Daly was totally over acting as Momma . See Stapleton 's performance in the film version to see the same role properly executed by someone who understands comic timing . This TV version is nothing but a total waste of anyone 's time .
0	A romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class " artist " with a comfortable upbringing ... It is clear that the writer-director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it . If you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story , unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers , have no anger , no fear , no frustration , etc . All the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks , boyish jokes . They do never look for work , the do almost never experience rejection or anguish , etc . Living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school ... Ridiculous . Specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of Ken Loach , etc .
1	A meteorite falls in the country of a small town , bringing a jelly creature . An old farmer is attacked by the alien in his hand , and the youths Steve Andrews ( Steve McQueen ) and his girlfriend Jane Martin ( Aneta Corsaut ) take him to Dr. T. Hallen ( Steven Chase ) . The local doctor treats carefully the blister , and asks Steve to investigate the location where they found the old man . When Steve returns , he sees the blob killing the doctor . Steve and Jane try to warn the police and the dwellers , but nobody believe on them , while the blob engulfs many people , getting bigger and bigger . " The Blob " is a cult and classic sci-fi . It is a low budget movie , with many ham actors and actresses ( with the exception of Steve McQueen ) , awful effects , but also delightful and very , but very funny . This is the first time that I see this classic ( I had seen the 1988 remake with Kevin Dillon ) , and I really recommend it to fans of Steve McQueen and sci-fi B-movies from the 50s . The film subject of my review number 1,400 could not be better . My vote is seven . Title ( Brazil ) : " A Bolha " ( " The Blob " )
0	This is the biggest load of crap that I have seen in a long time . The last time I hated a movie so much was whilst watching " 28 Days later " and " Magnolia " . There is absolutely no point to this movie , except to see some really sick and twisted sex / rape scenes , Gillian Anderson relieving herself on the side of the road , and every single sentence of dialog having to use the " F " word at least a couple of times in it . It has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget . My friend and I eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour . We had tried to give it a chance , but nothing could save this crud . DO NOT WATCH IT ! ! !
0	The first 30min of the flick was choppy and hard to know just what was going on ( unless you read the book - which I had not ) . If you can stick with the first half , the second half is sweet - predictable , yes , but sweet none-the-less . The way it was shot one would think it was produced in the early 80 's , not 2005 . No stand-out moments , bland , but it moved along without boring me . I would like to know why Keaton selected this role , her part would have been better cast with a player more at the level of the other actors to keep the balance .
1	" Holly " is an issue-driven film , but it is neither manipulative nor overly sentimental . At its heart is it is a character-driven film , which wouldn 't be nearly so successful without the fleshed-out portrayals of Patrick ( Ron Livingston ) , the lost soul with the gradually awakening conscience , and Holly ( Thuy Nguyen ) , the strong-willed but ultimately over-matched young Vietnamese girl . From the vibrant locations and photography to the effective editing , everything is forthright and well-done . The contemporary classical score may put some off at first , but it is top-notch composition and underscores the admirable restraint which is evident throughout . This film , which raises many issues but provides few clear-cut answers , ultimately succeeds in raising awareness of and compassion for Holly and the many who share her plight . Kudos to those who managed to get it made .
0	Sholay : Considered to be one of the greatest films . I always wondered if they would ever remake being the classic it is . That was the time RGV announced this movie and I was somewhat excited to see it . I always thought that maybe this will be a good movie , but every week we would here RGV change something . And the movie is a very B-Grade movie , something that I had not hoped . I really tried looking for positives , but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind . The cinematography is awesome . The movie tries to be its own . But that is the up side . The action sequences are weak . The screenplay had potential . The biggest flaw is editing . None of the scenes excite you . For example , the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced . Ironic because comedy was just as entertaining in the original . And none of the characters are developed . And no scenes will linger until the end . And the ending was very disappointing . The biggest question is acting . Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh , nothing great . It seemed as if they concentrated too much on his look , that the character only looks menacing , but you don 't get creeped out . Mohanlal is barely in the movie , but he impresses in his few scenes . Ajay Devgan was decent . It wasn 't so much the performance , he gave it his all , it was the weak script . Prashant Raj is very confident , and has potential to make it far with better movies . I had most expectations for Sushmita Sen , who was probably the best of the lot . She was expressive , but this still was not enough . Nisha Kothari surprised me . She seemed disinterested for the most part , but her emotional scene after her friend 's death was quite good . Seems as if she needs to find a director who will help her talent , not her cute looks . But what disappointed me most was chemistry . Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj didn 't look like friends . Ajay-Nisha were not a strong couple . No passion was to be found between Sushmita and Prashant . And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not the hateful passion they needed . As for songs , they pretty much suck . Urmila 's Mehbooba was too overblown and I pretty much slept through it . It was however nicely danced . The Holi number was enjoyable , but not memorable . Same went for the other songs . For someone who looked forward to this movie , I was heavily disappointed . I had high hopes for RGV because of his Jungle , but seems as if he lost his talent during the shooting of this movie . But hopefully he regains his talent for Sarkar Raj . But this movie is best forgotten . All the positives still do not make up for the boring movie it is .
1	After gorging myself on a variety of seemingly immature movies purchased on ex-rental DVDs , I figured that the time was right for a little serious drama and who better to provide it than Sam Mendes ? For a number of reasons , " American Beauty " doesn 't appeal to me as much as this film which is easily the darkest thing that Tom Hanks has ever done and probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade . For this is not a simple gangster tale lifted from its graphic novel origins , and is simply wonderful to watch because of it . And despite my usual allergy to any film with Tom Hanks ' name on it ( still can 't watch " Big " without wanting a cat to kick ) , I 'm glad I gave this a try because this is one of those movies that you 'll kick yourself for if you miss it . Normally squeaky-clean Hanks plays Michael Sullivan , a devoted family man and father of two sons growing up during Prohibition in the early 1930 's . He is also a professional hit-man to mob boss John Rooney ( Paul Newman ) but has managed to keep his job a secret from his sons . But after his eldest ( Tyler Hoechlin ) witnesses his dad involved in a mob killing , the pair are forced to go on the run as John seeks to tidy the matter up . Soon , father and son are pursued to Chicago where a fellow hit-man ( a menacing Jude Law ) is waiting for them . On the face of it , it reads like a pretty standard gangster film but as I 've said , this isn 't really about gangsters at all . It 's about the relationship between a father and son thrown together in the most tragic of circumstances . Hanks is ( * grits teeth * ) superb as the tortured man who finds out that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan 's son . In all honesty , there is not a single performance that I could single out as weaker than the others - the cast is pretty much faultless . As is the cinematography and costumes ( and it 's not often I praise costumes ! ) which recreates the 30 's with stunning effect . There has been so much effort to get everything right and it pays off in spades . This could easily have looked rubbish - they admit that the early 30 's look was difficult to put down - but it doesn 't and that deserves every bit of credit . Chicago especially looks fantastic , lined with hundreds of rickety cars from the era and filled with people in monochrome suits and hats . True time-travel , even if a little CGI is needed . The story is also a winner , offering a human face to what is often seen as a stereotypical genre of movie villain . Law is surprisingly menacing as the almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you don 't have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster . The film is decidedly noir-ish , driving rain and ill-lit warehouses predominate but at least violence and killing are ( finally ) seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who perpetrate and those who merely witness such acts . The whole thing is evocative of a previous age and previous movies but it sweeps away the old and refreshes with a modern tale of redemption amid the Tommy-Gun shootouts and extortion rackets . It can feel a little slow in places , especially if you 're used to masses of gun-play in movies like most modern audiences ( like yours truly ) but sometimes , words can speak louder than actions . Mendes has delivered a fine follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut , a film which is as intelligent as it is beautiful to watch . " Road To Perdition " may not be to everyone 's tastes but this is one DVD I shall not be exchanging anytime soon .
0	Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised of 2 15 minutes episodes shown on Comedy Central . It takes place in a fictional , cartoonish Washington D.C. , and centers around the satirical , childish representations of George W. Bush , Condoleeza Rice , Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney . Other politicians are also satirized in the same manner , and act as minor characters . The pilot of little Bush , much to this commentator 's expectations , proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production , which barely delivers on its featured promise : a satirical look at the current presidential administration . While one must admit that premise of the show does have SOME merit , even though it would be hard to imagine a show based almost completely of the denigration of a single political persona would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term of office expired , execution that can only be described as sloppy at best , and downright awful at worst , has marred what little potential the show had . Lil Bush , which may be technically classified as " satire " , tends to disregard its actual use of the particular tool of comedy in order to lambaste its targets in exceptionally vulgar ( but not particularly original , entertaining , or funny ) ways . The show 's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television . As such , most of the jokes that presented by the writers were shameless clichs , some of which that been in public circulation for more than 6 years already . Comparing the Vice President to Darth Vader , for example , may have been funny in the first 300 times one has heard it on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O 'Brien / Leno monologue / any late-night-talk-show-ever , but it is not funny here . As if that were not enough , the show 's plots seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old , tiresome Bush jokes that the writers have made the center of the program . In the show 's defense , when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke ( which seems to be a rarity ) it is often somewhat humorous . If the show were to expand its depth somewhat , and place its characters into new situations , exotic situations , rather than the same old mistakes and " quagmires " perpetuated by the Bush administration , therefore not having to rely on the same old Bush jokes over and over again , the show might be considered somewhat tolerable , and possibly even innovative . Ultimately , it is difficult to ascertain which shortcoming causes the Lil Bush series the most damage ; its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality , or its painfully narrow minded ambitions . It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a small base of left wing fans , that is , if they are able to endure the exceptionally poor writing ; so long as the program continues to lampoon the Bush administration thoroughly . Even so , the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is , a weak and pointlessly vulgar attempt at satire , and tune out in search of something more intellectually stimulation ; The Price is Right , perhaps .
0	We don 't have this on television in England but I walked it over the Internet on YouTube . It 's dumb , immature and boring ! This is from the creator of " Earthworm Jim " Douglas TenNapel , I never got into that cartoon but I must admit it better than this . The cartoonist hasn 't done anything for years since now . For Doug TenNapel , this is a comeback travesty and an all time low ! The story is about three cats who inherit a house and lots of money off their dead old lady master . They are argumentative and keep on disagreeing on what their want to spend their money on . " BORING " ! The animation is dreadful . The main characters are meant to be cats , right ? But they don 't look nothing like cats ! Just weird animal monster-looking creatures with big mouths , pointed teeth and bulgy eyes ! The human and other animal characters are also drawn real ugly ! The theme song is terrible and irritating ! Also the stories are lame and are most probably copied from older shows . It surprised me how this show got 7.5 / 10 votes of other IMDb viewers . Television really isn 't what is used to be ! But now most of them is dumb , cheaply made and boring . Some of you on the website might not agree with me well I 'm sorry but this is a total waste of money and a complete and utter waste of your time and feel glad that Britain don 't have too tolerate this crap ( oh yeah , if you have digital you have to ) but I don 't , so it not my problem ! Loser ! 2 / 10 ( and it 's very lucky to get that because I 've given other shows worst ! ) .
0	Watching it now it 's still as skanky and sexist as I remember. comes from a time when girls were " Dolly Birds " and basically men 's playthings . It 's hard to take in that it is from the Hammer studios and the fact it 's available on DVD when good films are not . Our nations shame where the working class are portrayed as work shy layabouts or worse ! Trouble is you can 't help feeling nostalgic for a Clippie on a bus . Try to hold your stomach contents when you see Olive in a fluffy ? Blue " saucy " nightie or something similar like Shirley Bassey used to wear for a concert in 1972 . Warning this film shows the illegal practice of towing a motorcycle combo by a red double decker bus , which I 've been informed is not a Routemaster but a Bristol . Look just don 't bother watch something decent instead like Porridge or Dad 's Army ... or a fly crawling up a wall .
0	This movie does not really promote kids to be nicer and have better attitudes , as a family movie should , and this wouldn 't be considered family anyway because it has some things in it that children shouldn 't be seeing . Not the best ABC Family film if you ask me . If there were less sexual themes in the movie , then maybe it would be better . Hollywood isn 't doing anything to make a movie better by adding in sexual situations . There 's really no reason for them . At least this is a TV movie . I wouldn 't want to waste my money on this garbage by renting it . If you have other things to do other than watch this movie , please proceed to them .
1	I couldn 't hold back the tears when I watched this beautiful documentary . It was heart-breaking , disturbing , and inspiring all in one . I recommend this documentary to anyone seeking something that will make them think about what they are doing with their own lives . Or simply , something that will make you think . You watch as John lives through the last couple months of his life . You watch as he goes through his days with a positive attitude . At one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual . You begin to understand that he has something to teach all of us . His life and struggles will make you cry , laugh , and find that life 's a lot easier to live if you just take it one day at a time .
1	I can remember watching this for the first time , when I was 9 years old . I wanted to be one of the " barbarian brothers " . This movie is still great . One original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short . Implying that the " barbarian brothers " where so good that they finished there enemies off quickly ! Plus , you have chases , a cage fight , a dragon , and yes even a bar brawl ! Yes , the acting is bad so that 's why it 's not a ten , also the story line has received a lot of criticism . I think it is quite original . Not to many movies in it 's genre have the same original story lines , or colorful dialogue . I definitely recommend this film .
1	Still being of school age , and having to learn Shakespeare almost constantly for the last four years ( which is very off-putting of any writer , no matter how good ) , I didn 't really expect to enjoy this film when my English teacher put it on ; I thought it 'd be the typical English lesson movie : bad acting , awfully shot , badly edited and the dreaded awful old dialog , so , as you can tell , I was all but ready to go into a coma from the go . However , I watched and , much to my disturbance , found myself not only paying attention , but actually enjoying the movie too . This production of Hamlet is possibly one of the best drama movies I have seen in a long time- and it really brings to life what I expect Shakespeare wanted his plays to be like ( well , with the difference that this is cinema ) much better than my English teacher harking over the text ever possibly could . The story is good , the dialog seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring ( though a little hard to keep up with if you aren 't used to Shakespeare 's language ) and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill you wouldn 't expect ; mainly , perhaps , due to the staggering number of cameos this movie has . Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as great as you 'd expect these two veterans to be , even in such small parts , but it is Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger who really stand out , giving such minor parts an unexpected zest , as well as offering some comic relief amidst the tragedy . The main stars , of course , are also wonderful . Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet , bringing not only the confusion and pain required to the roll , but also a sort of sardonic air which plays beautifully in the comic scenes , making the movie as a whole much more watchable . The other major players are also good , but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the title role . The set pieces , too , are often quite stunning , giving a refreshing change to the danky old castle corridors we 're used to seeing in Shakespeare productions , as well as a real sense of the country around them . Of course , the movie , taken as a movie in its own right , is not without faults , but no major ones ( the pacing is the only real problem I can think of offhand , as well as the prose for anyone not used to , as I said , Shakesperean language ) and , especially when compared to the sort of Shakespeare productions I 'm used to seeing in class , it really is quite brilliant . It 's even made me rethink my previous typical teenager stance on Shakespeare , that his plays are boring ( I came to the conclusion it 's not the plays that are boring , merely the teachers who recite them in class ) . If only they made all of his plays into movies such as this one , English students in schools everywhere might have a higher opinion of the Bard . Overall 7 / 10
1	Everyone has a first love , and though it is hard to define that feeling when you 're younger , it is there , aching inside you . That is what Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad aims to prove in her fourth feature , a movie where that most complex of emotions is recounted in a deceptively simple , straightforward fashion . Such an approach is especially convenient in this case , as the love story at the film 's core involves two twelve-year olds , and would therefore make any attempts at " deeper " analysis seem contrived and pretentious . That they don 't is also testament to the astounding performances given by the leading non-actors , Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip . The former plays Orked ( already seen as an adult character in Ahmad 's previous picture , Gubra ) , a lively , almost rebellious girl who , perhaps influenced by her " British " upbringing ( her mother studied in England ) , despises playing with dolls , preferring to play violent sports with the boys . Then one day she meets Mukhsin ( Naswip ) , who has come to spend the holidays at his aunt 's house , and all of a sudden she changes her habits : goodbye fistfights , hello bike-riding and tree-climbing . But what does this mean ? Are they just friends , or is something more implied , something neither of them is yet ready to understand , let alone accept ? Given the young age of the protagonists , answering those questions borders on impossible , and so , like in several " smaller " films ( Lost in Translation comes to mind ) , there is no real closure , a choice that leaves a bittersweet , but ultimately satisfying aftertaste : the naturalistic , unfiltered acting ( especially Aryana 's ) gets to the heart almost immediately , and a strong supporting cast ( Orked 's family most of all ) helps keeping the minimalistic narrative fun and seducing . The down-to-earth approach isn 't always that effective ( the hilarious subplot regarding an adulterous neighbor is dropped way too early ) , and it is hard to justify the bizarre Pulp Fiction reference at the start of the feature , but the emotional strength of the teenage romance is enough to make this an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema .
0	I am really shocked that a great director like Chuck Jones started out making some of the most incredibly boring cartoons I 've ever seen . I did not laugh once throughout this short , and it 's a Bugs Bunny cartoon , for Christ 's sake ! Bugs Bunny cartoons are always funny , not boring ! Alas , this short turns out to be Good Night Elmer ( another incredibly boring Jones short ) with the addition of Bugs Bunny . The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff . Good Night Elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff . This cartoon , on the other hand , is afflicted with the second warning sign of a dull cartoon : there 's too much dialogue . The cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve , but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue . At one point , Elmer finishes eating dinner , and comments , " That was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb , " possibly the most redundant dialogue I 've ever heard in a cartoon ( characters reading text out loud in the later-era Woody Woodpecker cartoons doesn 't count in my book ) . Even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long , it feels like 20 thanks to redundant dialogue like this . Elmer 's Pet Rabbit was not a fun cartoon for me , but if you 've sold your soul to Chuck Jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career , you might enjoy it .
1	Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries . The great directors of Italy of the 40s and 50s were men who understood the medium , but it was Luchino Visconti , a man of vision , who dared to bring a film like to show what he was capable of doing . He clearly shows his genius early on in his distinguished career with " Ossessione " , a film based on James Cain 's " The Postman Always Ring Twice " , which was later made by Hollywood , but that version pales in comparison with what Visconti achieved in the movie . Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an uncredited Alberto Moravia , a man who knew about the effect of passion on human beings . The film has been well preserved in the DVD format we watched recently . The film is a must for all serious movie fans because we can see how Visconti 's vision translated the text into a movie that rings true in a plausible way , something the American version lacked . What comes across watching the movie , is the intensity which the director got from his key players . The magnificent Clara Calamai does an amazing job as Giovanna , the woman who has married an older man , but when Gino appears in her life , all she wants to do is rid herself of the kind man who gave her an opportunity in life . Giovanna is one of the best creations in Ms. Calamai 's achievements in the Italian cinema . The last sequence of the film shows Ms. Calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the moral redemption for the monstrous crime that was committed . Equally excellent is Massimo Girotti , one of the best actors of his generation who appears as Gino , the hunky man that awakens the obsessive passion in Giovanna . Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna , something that Mr. Girotti projects with such ease and sophistication not equaled before in the screen . Mr. Girotti makes the man come alive in a performance that seems so easy , yet with another actor it might not have been so apparent . Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe , the older man who fell in love with Giovanna . In fact , his character rings truer than his counterpart in the American film , where he is seen more as a buffoon . The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti . They gave the film a naturalistic look that was the way Italian directors of the era favored . The original musical score of Giuseppe Rosati is perfect . Visconti , a man who loved opera and was one of the best directors , also includes arias by Bizet and Verdi that fit well in the context of the movie . " Ossessione " is a film to treasure because we see a great Luchino Visconti at the top of his form .
1	COME ON ! ! ! They did that on purpose ! ! Two of my current faves on TV ( Meloni from " Oz " and " L and O-SVU " and Janel from " West Wing " ) hook up for a nice little sleeper / character study . Plot 's nothing fancy , but the acting is right on the mark . Tim Busfield shows up for some neat bits . Worth a look .
0	This is a badly made , poor remake of Bimalda 's classic Parineeta . The story is based on Sarat Chandra 's book of the same name and it is a distortion of the original . Well one can appreciate some degree of creativity but not sham creativity . The acting by everyone is affected and the entire movie is a sham . Shekar 's father 's choice of words in abusing Lolita ( Balan ) sounds cheap and morbid and destroys the spirit of the original story . Again the scene where Shekhar ( Saif ) slaps Lolita is quite out of place with the flow of the movie and the characters , is quite jarring to the senses , and could have been easily avoided . Similarly the sex scene between Saif and Balan is quite unbecoming the movie and a cheap gimmick to attract the audience . When a creative work is not faithful to the original and destroys it 's spirit , the work falls apart . The song " piyu bole " is quite OK . Another silver lining in the dark cloud of this movie is the scene where Saif stands up for himself and rebels against his father . This is a positive departure from the original and deserves credit . On these counts this movie deserves 3 stars . The song and dance by Rekha smacks of artifice and it is a put on . The song is tuneful but I remember having heard it somewhere before and if Iam not mistaken the tune appears to have been plagiarized . Well , agreed the times have changed from then to now . But then this movie is not even reflective of the modern times . This is what happens when the modern Bollywood film makers get increasingly obsessed with impressing the NRIs and grabbing the lucrative NRI entertainment market . Such movies end up neither belonging to India nor to any other part of the world .
0	Minimal script , minimal character development , minimal steady camera . Maximum stretched scenes , maximum headache inducing jerky zooms , maximum characters walking around in the woods doing nothing . Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12 : 01pm , you can fast forward and miss nothing , since there are three hunters who we know nothing about doing nothing . To be fair , the movie does have some string music that was interesting , so perhaps a music video would have been the way to go with this . Unfortunately that was not to be , and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief . Forget about " Trigger Man " , I know I am trying to . - MERK
0	Cash ( Now played by Khrystyne Haje in for Angelina Jolie ) has wandered to a post apocalypse wasteland ( after her protector has died from old age , said protector was played by Elias Koteas , an actual decent actor ) and now she finds that people wander through the rubble looking for cyborgs to trade for scrap metal and cash . She leads a group of burned out cyborgs ( That includes William Katt , Evan Lurie and a human scientist played by Zach Galligan ) against bounty hunter Richard Lynch . Malcolm McDowell has two minutes of screen time as Lynch 's employer . Cyborg 3 does manage to be better than the other two entries but it still is a largely dull feature . The problem this time is that the ideas with potential are never used well , the action sequences are routine and the name cast such as McDowell , Katt and Galligan are given little to do . Haje is indeed a whiny heroine and Lynch is too over the top ( as usual ) and the film lacks the inspiration or ambition to be as fun-bad as it 's hilarious predecessor . ( The one with Van Damme , the second one is just dull . ) Also disappointing is the science fiction angle which almost aggressively resists any good idea it has . As an action flick this is routine and by the numbers B-movie stuff and it is competently made , that 's the only thing positive I can say about it . * 1 / 2 out of 4- ( Poor )
1	no movie with dennis hopper , gary busey , erika eleniak , tom berenger , dean stockwell , marilu henner deserves a rating under 5 on here . This is a poor mans version of movies like 16 blocks or the timeless Midnight run except the prisoner being transported here is the very easy on the eye Ms.Eleniak. Tom Berenger plays another gruff , maverick military type well and William Mcnamara plays his rookie-about to be discharged foil well . The plot on the face of it is absurd because I lost count of the times Eleniak should have and could have escaped but this is an entertaining feel-good movie and there are good cameos from all of the above actors that keep the movie rolling . This isn 't really a family movie as there is some swearing and a rare nude scene with eleniak but this is a lot better than some of the other guff that came out around this time .
0	A very attractive and capable cast is lost in this deadly boring rehash of the slasher sub-genre . The plot a simply a collection of cliches and set-pieces that we 've all seen a hundred times before . Has great potential as an insomnia treatment .
1	HOLES is not your average Disney stuff- it 's very , very fun , even for adults who usually cringe at the cutesy , focus-group designed " family entertainment " that Uncle Walt 's studio passes off as live-action . Perhaps the secret of this film 's success is in its faithfulness to the original book , which is a little bit darker than your average kid stuff . The action begins when Stanley Yelnats is sent to a boys ' prison camp , where all the inmates are forced to dig holes under the desert sun as a form of rehibilitation . But as the story progresses , Stanley 's tale becomes interwoven with that of a legendary treasure , and this adventure becomes ten times more fun than any Disney movie about an all-boy prison camp has any right to be . Jon Voight is especially nasty and colorful , and Sigourney Weaver is beautiful , as always .
1	- SMALL SPOILER HEREIN ! - When I looked at the votes for " Creep " today , I was surprised about so many IMDb-users rating this movie " 1 " . I am wondering : what do people expect of such kind of movie ? Are there so many people watching a movie without knowing anything about it ? " Creep " is a HORROR movie and it is a pretty good one ! This automatically means : it has a absurd story full of holes , outrageous hazards and simple one-side-characters . So why complain about it ? Just take some popcorn and coke , make yourself comfortable in your seat and then ... ... enjoy to be scared to death ! The first 60 minutes when there is almost nothing else than Kate and a lonely subway station are incredibly scaring . There is suspense and fear in every corner of the screen and you will give some jerks just because of a sudden sound of a blinking neon lamp in the back of you . ( In my opinion the sound editor did the best job in this movie . ) When Kate meet her pursuer the quality of the movie drops but it still doesn 't become a bad movie . The second part of the movie is not scary at all , but the gore effects are well done and the story is quite well developed . ( ... as long as you keep in mind that it is a horror movie you are watching and not the Discovery Channel ! ) So , if you want to make yourself a very , very scaring hour . Just watch the first hour of " Creep " and then leave the cinema or turn of your TV . You know the rest of the story anyway , don 't you ? The bad guy will die and Kate will be the only survivor . But even if you watch this movie up to its end , you will not be disappointed . ... and if you want to push anxiety to the next level , do what I did after watching this movie : leave the cinema by dark night , go to the next subway station and take the last train home ...
1	This movie is one of the sleepers of all time . I gave it a 10 rating . The story is of the famed ' Bushwhackers ' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States . The clothing they wore were authentic , the history and why they fought is very accurate and well researched . There was actually one of the battles that did not take place as they depicted ... but not bad for Hollywood . The actors were well cast and were either the most brilliant of actors or the director really know how to get the best from them . I suspect it was a combination of great directing , super casting to find the right people and excellent performing by the actors . Not just one or two ... this movie really jelled ! It has action , romance , suspense , good guys and bad guys ( sometimes depending on your individual perspective ) and history all rolled into one movie . Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel . And she 's good !
1	I saw this movie as a teenager and immediately identified with Reese Witherspoon 's portrayal of Dani Trant , a 14-year-old tomboy in rural Louisiana circa 1957 . She feels that she will never be as beautiful as her older sister , Maureen ( a now rarely seen Emily Warfield ) , and feeling out of place in terms of her conservative Baptist upbringing . Then seventeen year old Court Foster ( Jason London ) , the son of her mother 's close friend ( Gail Strickland ) moves in next door , Dani experiences her first crush , while Court enjoys her company , and willful spirit . Dani succeeds in getting her first kiss from him , but as soon as he sees Maureen , he falls head over heels for her , leaving Dani behind . The sisters ' close bond is fractured severely by the rivalry that erupts , which only deepens when Court dies in a tragic accident . The girls then are made to realize how much they need each other . Sam Waterson and Tess Harper are just perfect as the loving parents , trying to balance their daughters ' individuality , at the same time trying to keep the family together . The beautiful cinematography , and the wonderful soundtrack featuring Elvis Presley , The Platters and many more contribute wonderfully to the film 's atmosphere of a simpler time . A touching coming-of-age film with a timeless message .
1	Touching ; Well directed autobiography of a talented young director / producer . A love story with Rabin 's assassination in the background . Worth seeing !
0	Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie . In part because I usually give every movie an even break , and because I thought that a single movie couldn 't be that bad . I stand corrected . Not even George Kennedy , Barry Bostwick or Ben Stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks . Only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did I laugh . Namely during the Simon says scene . The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny . And some of them you actually see coming a mile away . This movie just hasn 't got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane ! ( I + II ) , Naked Gun ( I + II + III ) , or Scary Movie . They all had A. funny gags , B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes . Men In White has got D. none of the above . To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement . AVOID THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN ! CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED !
0	I bought this movie because this was Shah rukh khans Debut.And i also liked to see how would he do.I must say he is excellent in his role.Divya Bharathi is superb in this movie.Rishi does a wonderful job.Susham Seth supported well.Alok nath was good in his role.Amrish and Mohnish did their parts well too.Dalip also was good in his small role.Actors shine in a Mediocre movie.The direction is average.The editing is poor.The story is boring.It tells us about Ravi a famous pop singer.He has a lot of female fans.One of them is Kaajal.Ravi and Kaajal fall in love and get married.Ravi gets killed by his cousins.Kaajal becoems a widow .. To escape from Ravis cousins.They go to Bombay.She comes across Raja.She falls in love with him and gets married.Ravi returns.The story is predictable.The climax is predictable.The first half bores.It also drags a lot.But it is saved by the actors and music.The second half entertains.The music is catchy with some nice songs.The cinematography looks outdated in the first half but it looks unimaginative.The song picturisations are dull except for " Sochenge Tumhe Pyar " and one rain song.The costumes are outdated.Any way watch this just for the actors and music Rating-4 / 10
0	Can it ever be said that there are some movies that have no redeeming features whatsoever ? Answer : Yes , and this is one of them . After helming the appalling ' House of the Dead ' director Uwe Boll has now cast his less-than-talented eye towards yet another video game adaptation . Don 't these guys get it ? To anyone who can 't understand , here it is in block capitals for you : VIDEO GAMES DO NOT MAKE FOR GOOD MOVIES ! The acting here is , at best , sub-standard . The set design and special effects are poor . Unlike the video game ( which did have its scary moments ) the movie has no atmosphere of impending doom , no sense of danger or menace . Pacing and plotting is confused and the paper that the script is printed on would have been better used as toilet paper . The main culprit is the director . Uwe Boll uses the camera with the grace and skill of a monkey using a paintbrush . Hackneyed zooms , swoops and pans are spliced into the whole dreary affair at unpredictable moments leaving the audience disorientated and bored . Why this guy was ever let near a movie set in the first place must stand as one of modern cinemas greatest secrets . Avoid at all costs .
1	A very unique Sci-Fi animated film , and frankly I love uniqueness no matter which way it tends to be , better or worse . This French film is quite interesting to watch , the technique part is innovatory , like " Waking Life " I recently watched . It took me quite a long time to get used to the Black-White style , but eventually I love it , the sketchlike images are really fancy ! The contracted future world is a symbol of human race 's final destination which I adore it very much . The whole plot is fine for a Sci-Fi , not so intriguing but it 's OK , like some Hollywood 's products , a giant conspiracy about human 's eternity , a little bit clich and the twisted ending is not so convincing , some development is just too plain and insipid , and the whole movie is too long . So I think I 'm just in love with the style this film shows , others are not so good . About the eternity of life , I think most people have come to a unanimousness that we don 't want eternity because it demolishes the meaning of life , we treasure our lives because they are limited and meaningful , if everyone can live forever , thus the world world will become a disaster and chaos . Leaving someone you love is hard and heartbreaking , but that 's also a way to show our lives are genuine and all the emotion fulfills one 's life and make the world colorful and lively .
1	1933 seemed to be a great year for satires ( " Duck Soup " for instance ) and this one fits in well even though it is about the obsession with contract bridge . The tone is like a humorous piece from The New Yorker , appropriate , since the film begins with the " Goings On About Town " page of that magazine . The only thing odd is the casting . Made a few years later William Powell and Myrna Loy would have been perfect . However , after 1934 , you wouldn 't have had adultery handled in such a sophisticated fashion , the young and beautiful Loretta Young in some shear and slinky outfits , or a group of prostitutes listening to a bridge contest on radio . Even if you know nothing about bridge , you may still want to check out a rare example of Hollywood satire .
1	The trick to creating a good , solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivances , colorful characters or surprising twists . Anyone who has ever labored in frustration with an un-finishable Sunday New York Times crossword knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve ceases to be any fun . The best murder mysteries , be they on film or in print , are slight affairs that get to the point , spell out their clues , line up their suspects and , hopefully , zap us with a few surprises ; being complicated without being unduly confusing . And they play fair ; on second , third and fourth viewings of the clues and red herrings we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all comes together as we were at being surprised in the first place . Indeed , good thrillers should get better on repeated viewings as we anticipate the double and triple crosses . Sidney Lumet 's comedy-thriller DEATHTRAP , as derived from Ira Levin 's hit Broadway play , is a great example . It moves along at a tidy clip , skillfully juggling its clues , being ( almost ) totally honest with us ( even when it is lying to us ) and yet never revealing where it is going ( even when it is telling us where it might go ) . It is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane than it is a movie about murder mysteries , derived from a play about playwriting . Rather than going backward -- a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened -- DEATHTRAP leads us through the crime ( s ) step by step , leaving ample room for the unexpected ; as the ads advise it is less a " whodunit " than a " who 'lldoit . " DEATHTRAP is often compared ( unfavorably , oddly enough ) to the play and movie versions of SLEUTH , though in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM , the self-mocking essay on teeny-bopper horror flicks . Like that clever film , DEATHTRAP labels itself ( a thriller about thrillers ) , sets it parameters ( " a one-set , five character moneymaker " ) and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as " the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstances entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend its disbelief . " DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery with only five major characters , two of which are of minimum importance . Henry Jones as a cagey lawyer is on hand mostly for exposition ( and to supply us with his penchant for folksy charm ) and Irene Worth is all quirks and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth who acts as the nominal detective . That leaves three main characters to be the killer ( s ) and / or the victim ( s ) : It is a testament to Michael Caine 's abilities that as Sidney Bruhl , a down-on-his-luck author of mystery plays , he creates a character who we intrinsically like and trust , even as we recognize immediately that almost everything he says is a lie . As his adoring , if somewhat ditzy wife , Myra , Dyan Canon flirts with being over the top by giving a roller-coaster ride of a performance with a character that by turns seems to be frail or overbearing , crafty or hysterical , timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocating Sidney . The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a fledgling playwright named Clifford Anderson played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never quite get a handle on just who his character is : enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer , semi-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath . As the various character dance around each other , the cleverly dour script adapted by ace scribe Jay Presson Allen manages to be consistently amusing , even as it builds suspense . And even after the final twist ( an improvement over the play 's finale ) , it may not be quite clear just who has manipulated who to do what . Lumet is by no means a master of comedy , so he lets his able cast have free reign to flesh out the characters and they all give sharp , theatrical , yet subtle work , with Reeve being particularly noteworthy . But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight quarters . As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY MEN , he takes a one-set play , and with a minimum of opening up , manages to make what could have been cramped , stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious . The setting , a country home converted from an old windmill , is relatively small , but as designed by Tony Walton it manages to be both cozy and charming , as well as spooky and treacherous . It is so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundaries that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character . And as the scene of the crime , it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed .
0	The most embarrassing moment in this film is when Brady Corbet says ' You 've blossomed ' , near the end the film . I practically died . I 'm still not really sure why the screenwriters put that line in there . Was it supposed to create romance ? Because it nearly made me sick . The rest of the script was almost as bad . I 've never liked the original Thunderbirds , but a Thunderbirds movie had the potential to do so much . This movie doesn 't . If it didn 't have the big draw card of the Thunderbirds brand , it would have been shafted straight to TV , or canned in the post-production . Maybe even before . Like I said , the best thing about the movie is when the credits roll up and they play Busted 's song ' Thunderbirds are go ' . I can 't believe I wasted $ 7 watching this through pay-per-view .
1	Love this film also . Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt . It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to . The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that . In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie . It doesn 't exist much copies of that film , Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist . For the people who wish to see that movie again , you could find it on his homepage which isn 't that easy to search for but its possible .
1	I was lucky to see " Oliver ! " in 1968 on a big cinema screen in Boston when I was a young teenager . Later , during the summer of 1969 , I was pleased to see this film was still playing at a prominent cinema in Leicester Square , London , after it had won the Academy Award for Best Picture of the previous year . Th success of " Oliver ! " on both the stage and screen reminded me that not all talent begins on Broadway and ends in Hollywood . This legendary story by Charles Dickens , which is part of the literary heritage of all English-speaking people , was admirably brought to the London stage by Lionel Bart of Great Britain . His charming musical then became a hit in New York and throughout the world . The film adaptation was made in England during the summer of 1967 and then released in 1968 . The sets and musical numbers are mind boggling . The song " Who Will Buy ? " required hundreds of actors and the British film director truly deserved his Oscar for putting it all together in a seamless manner . Some Canadian and American talent is also part of this wonderful production , but mostly it is a tribute to the fine craftsmanship of the British film studios , such as Shepperton . Good show ! Other film studios at Elstree , Boreham Wood , Bray , Denham , and Ealing have also given the world many films to treasure over the years .
0	Despite some mildly thought-provoking oddities in the script and the film 's overall curiosity value , Fury of the Wolfman emerges as a dull , uninteresting excursion into lycanthropy , saved only by the statuesque presence of villainess Perla Cristal . The rest of the players , including the hammy Naschy , are a complete write-off ( though admittedly none are helped by often atrocious dubbing ) . Although the screenplay packs in enough variations on werewolf / Frankenstein / Dr Moreau themes to flesh out a dozen movies , the plot is so unevenly developed , the characterizations so feeble and the dialogue so verbosely ridiculous ( at least in the English version ) , that any latent interest in the turgid proceedings is soon quashed . Zabalza 's direction seems jerky , even amateurish . His staging is clumsy and ineffective . He is not helped by Villasenor 's over-bright lighting . Even promising sets are so unatmospherically photographed that the director 's few attempts to give the audience a fright are signaled far in advance Other credits fall into a similar pattern of ineptitude , though the stridently over-emphatic music score and the laughably crude , totally primitive special effects deserve special condemnation .
1	Even if you 're not a big Ramones fan , Rock ' N ' Roll High School is * still * the greatest rock ' n ' roll movie ever made . Why ? Because under all the campiness , it treats with respect the contempt and loathing teens often feel ( and justifiably so ) for the boring , stupid , fascist , establishment world of adults . That final scene is one of the most glorious and uplifting final scenes to a movie I have ever seen . " Mine eyes have seen the glory of the ... " Rock ' n ' roll !
1	One measurement for the greatness of a movie is , ' if it came on t.v. right now , would you want to sit there and watch it again ? ' My answer for the Grand Canyon is as powerful a " yes " as it would be for nearly any movie I have ever seen . There are just so many powerful moments , such an intelligent and moving story , such incredible performances . It perfectly captures the confusion and violence that were so rampant in the early nineties . But it also dramatically affirms the capacity of individuals to love , think and care . In a slight way , the movie was of its time . It partly portrays society as a balloon about to burst . Because the country was in a recession , and so void of leadership , this was true of that time . But the movie is also timeless . I think it could honestly stand up against any movie that has ever been made , and it is the most overlooked film of all time .
0	Oh , for crying out loud , this has got to be the LAMEST movie I 've seen all year , and I 'm sorry the normally awesome John Cusack was even involved in this brainless , twitty piece of Stupidity . Where Sleepless in Seattle delivered what amounts to be the same message , albeit on a more subtle , somewhat more mature level , Serendipity delivers it with a sledgehammer , and then proceeds to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so ( and that 's an hour and a half of my life I 'll never get back again , thank you very much ! ! ) . It 's bad enough the main characters of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen-year-olds ( actually I 've known better fourteen-year-olds ... ) , except maybe for Jeremy Piven , who was enjoyable enough . Just the first 15 minutes or so of the movie where Kate Beckinsale 's character plays that annoying silliness of a game about throwing all sensibility to the wind ( literally ) had my best friend and I irritated beyond belief . I told my husband Rockstar had more intelligence , and at least , the characters in Rockstar weren 't half as dysfunctional as the idiots were in this " Serendipitous " mess . It 's annoying to watch protagonists who seem to have no clue about choice in their lives , and feel they 're nothing more than puppets to destiny and the whims of fate . How utterly tiresome . I 'm sure this movie will be more likely enjoyed by those who 'd rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of making more complex life choices and then responsibly living with the consequences . After all , here 's a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreaking havoc and misery on two other people 's lives ( namely their respective fiances ) , not to mention other relatives and friends , just to get there .
0	The Last Station , director Michael Hoffman 's melodrama about the last months in the life of Leo Tolstoy , begins with fog and sleep . Tolstoy ( Christopher Plummer ) lives with his family in a compound at Yasnaya Polyana , taking walks and writing and being seen to by his wife and the adherents to his " movement " , people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism , vegetarianism , sexual abstinence and communal property who have gathered in a forest camp not far away . His wife , Sophia ( Helen Mirren ) wars openly with the head of his movement Chertkov ( Paul Giamatti ) , who she claims in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his works over to the Russian people is trying to steal the wealth that is owed to her upon her husbands imminent death . Observing all of this is Tolstoy 's new steward , Bulgakov ( James McAvoy ) , a naive adherent who is torn between his love of the man and concern for his wife . Hoffman 's script , which is based on the novel by Jay Parini , quite often veers itself into confused territory , building up a complex tangle of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately don 't resolve themselves in any satisfying way . The scope of the film is grand , and its story should reverberate just as Tolstoy , whose beliefs foreshadowed in some ways both the Bolsheviks ' and those of pacifists like Ghandi . It unfortunately doesn 't , it 's un-unpickable , building up with much gusto confrontations that are constantly ravelling off into nothingness . The three-way relationship between the Church , the faithful Sophia and the unbelieving Tolstoy , for example , is referenced often . In the last section of the film a mute priest in a magnificent hat even shows up , but the script never expands on this beyond awkwardly inserting it into the story as an attempt at enriching it or providing some semblance of historical accuracy . There are a ton of details in the film , but not enough attention is paid to most of them and as a result the film feels cluttered , overburdened , energetic but unfortunately pointless . At its heart is the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy , and that story , as baffling and cramped as it is , is the reason to watch the film . Mirren and Plummer are , unsurprisingly , the best things in the film . Plummer 's Tolstoy is vague , at once confused and resolute , apprehensive and full of joy and certainty . Mirren 's Sophia is in full panic , in a righteous lather , forced to watch and expected to be mute as her husband gives away his time , his possessions and his money to people who are unquestionably devoted to him but also clearly in possession of their own agendas . They 're great performances , all the more so given the vast gulf between the real importance of the couple 's place in history and the script 's ability to support that , both Sophia and Tolstoy seem willed into the film by Mirren and Plummer alone , both making the best they can out of what meagre material is there . Giammati and McAvoy , both talented actors , are unable to do the same and Giamatti 's Chertkov seems neither a revolutionary nor a thief ( and not both at once , either ) but rather a cipher , a stand-in for a whole package of unresolved anxieties and aborted historical impulses . The scope of this thing never boils down to anything , it hitches along , getting by on the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else . It 's interesting and pretty , but ultimately unrewarding . 4.5 / 10
1	If you r in mood for fun ... and want to just relax and enjoy ... bade Miyan Chote Miyan is one of the movies to watch . Amitabh started off pretty good ... but it is Govinda who steals the show from his hands ... awesome timing for and good dialog delivery ... its inspired from Bad boys ... but it has Indian Masala to it ... people think it might be confusing and stupid ... but the fact that David Dhavan is directing and Govinda is acting ... should not raise any questions ... other recommended movies in the same genre ( David Dhavan / Govinda combo ) ... are Shola Aur Shabnam , Aankhen , Raja Babu , Saajan Chale Sasural , Deewana Mastana , Collie no . 1 , Jodi no . 1 , Hero no.1 , Haseena Manjayegi , Ek Aur Ek Gyarah .
1	Having just finished Cronicles of the Heroic Knight mere minutes ago I find myself extremely please but questions still loom over me . While it would appear that the first 7 episodes or so are actually a retelling of the events of the first Record of Lodoss War the truth is that they really aren 't . It would appear that the creator of CotHK had a different vision as to how the original ended ( and that may be the reason that the first 7 episodes occur ) but I do not find that to be the case . CotHK does say it starts 5 years after the War of Heros which Parn was a part of . I think the director made the first 5 episodes seem so much like a recap of the original just to give the viewer a small reminder and an introduction to characters and their deeds done because they appear much less after the series kicks into Spark 's story . Now , once the series does kick into Spark 's portion we find ourselves kicked up another 10 years ( 15 years now since the War of Heros ) . Spark and his crew do , in some cases , resemble Parn and his crew once the journey kicks into gear , especially the love story that brews between Spark and Neese . I also thought several times throughout CotHK that I threw in the original series and if it wasn 't for Spark 's long blue hair I know I would 've pressed stop more than once to make sure the right disc was in . By no means do I consider these major set backs however , the writers did a fine job in crafting believable characters and a remarkable storyline . The only thing that makes me hurt is that Ashram and Wagnard return . Ummmm ... how ? ? ? Don 't get me wrong both are great villains even though Ashram 's only villainous trait is that he supports the Marmo . Perhaps I missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part . As far as sequels go though , I highly recommend CotHK . I place both CotHK and , even more so , the original Record of Lodoss War far above the Lord of the Rings trilogy . Both of these are more epic than anything I 've ever seen or read . I highly recommend this .
1	I recently saw this movie in my International Business class . I was not expecting anything other then another boring documentary ( not to say I don 't love documentary I 've just hard bad luck with movies in that class ) Imagine my surprise when this movie , that 's actually a movie , came up . This film is a tell all of cultural differences in the work place and how they need to cooperate to get anywhere . The culture clash shows just how different the world is and just how differently we perceive ourselves until someone comes along and gives us a wake up call . I would highly recommend this film to anyone in business or who just wants a laugh , because yes it is funny . Well , that 's about it ! Cheers
0	One of the worst movies I 've ever seen with Robert De Niro , The Fan is a pointless clich of an exercise in slasher flicks . It tries to spin or twist the genre with preposterous plot lines of a a crazed fan turned psychotic - the movie meanders into nothing . ( spoiler ) We 're to believe that a knife-wielding idiot has access to and murders a baseball player in a lavish hotel with no witness , security , or cameras ? The movie is nonsense trying to tug at our heart-strings through the hoopla of baseball ending up mockingly unsophisticated and gimmicky . Not sure what all the actors were thinking when they got onboard this razzie . This is as big a dud as they come . Stay far away if you prefer thought in your movies
0	The " saucy " misadventures of four au pairs who arrive in London on the same day in the early 1970s . There 's a Swedish girl , a Danish , a German and a Chinese . The story contrives to get the clothes off all of them , involve them in some Carry On-type humour and couple them with various misfits from the British film and TV culture of the time , including Man About the House star Richard O 'Sullivan , future Coronation Street rogue Johnny Briggs and horror film stalwart Ferdy Mayne ( playing a sheik ) . There 's a pretty risqu amount of female nudity on display , for those who like that kind of thing ( but obviously nothing hardcore ) . Most of the film is pretty thin and inconsequential ; the girls are stereotypes , and German Anita especially suffers from some kind of infantalising disorder - she 's a moron obsessed with colour TV who acts like a kind of uninhibited child & dresses to deliberately show her private parts ; in another more serious film , she would be a psychiatric case . The most interesting section of the film involves the Swedish girl being taken to a club in London where some dodgy types are still trying to swing , being seduced by a middle-aged rocker , losing her virginity and realising that the scene is not for her . These sequences have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing film than we 've ended up with , in which promiscuity and the dregs of the music business and upper classes live soulless and seedy lives ( there 's a fine turn by John Standing as an impotent public school rou ) . The strangest of the stories has the Chinese girl ( future cannibal film veteran Me Me Lay ) getting off with her childish piano prodigy employer , falling mutually in love with and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason at all , except some orientalist notion that " Chinese birds are inscrutable , ain 't they ? ! " The film is pretty demeaning to its women characters and there 's a smattering of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterisations . The end is striking , as Mayne 's sheik for no earthly reason ( except they have to end the film somehow ) whisks all of the girls away to his Arab kingdom for what looks to all the world like a future in the white slave trade , which they are all delighted about . Stuff and nonsense for the most part then , but directed with a fair amount of skill by veteran Val Guest , which puts it as a piece of film-making a notch above most of the 70s Brit sexploitation flicks .
1	Karloff and Lugosi - Together again ! This is one of those films that casual fans will pass over and tend not to appreciate as much . It 's not an all-out horror film like the duo 's previous two hits , The Black Cat and The Raven . But , it is very worthy of both 's talents and is a fun film when re-visited . The Invisible Ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer , a director who mainly made westerns , but curiously in these final days of the Laemmles ' reign at Universal , he found himself helming this and the Laemmles ' final horror film , Dracula 's Daughter . Both are crisp , clean-cut fantasies that are very light on horror content despite the fantastic elements . Just as Lugosi went wild in The Raven , much needs to be said of Karloff 's hamming in The Invisible Ray . The one aspect of the story that is particularly unsatisfying is that Karloff 's character , Rukh , acts so madly before he is poisoned by Radium X , that there really isn 't much of a change once he starts glowing . This is very similar to the complaint people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - He 's basically a loony right from the start . There isn 't any real transformation . Same here . Halfway through Karloff simply has an added purpose for revenge in his mind . I still enjoyed his performance , though , just as I did Lugosi 's over-the-top antics in The Raven . Meanwhile , Lugosi completely surprises you and gives a restrained , and thoughtful turn as Rukh 's rival in science , Dr. Benet . Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the film , including a memorable warning to the police trying to catch Rukh , of which I am in alignment with horror film writer John Soister on - " And if he ( Rukh ) touches anyone ? " the inspector inquires . Lugosi hesitatingly replies , in a way that only Lugosi could deliver , " They die " . Just as Lugosi could be so off , he could also be more perfect than any actor . This is one of those moments . Therefore , Karloff and Lugosi 's interactions are all very good as we get the mad antics of Karloff pared off against the cool logic of Lugosi . Karloff would go on to play similar mad scientists many times , however , one wishes Lugosi would have gotten to play more straight roles like this one . He only had one more chance ( Ninotchka ) . The Invisible Ray is a fun film , and a real treat to the true Karloff and Lugosi fans . It is one of those films that improves on each viewing , not because it is a masterpiece , but because of the charisma and talent of its ' stars and how this story complements the darker , more horrific pairings they had . The special effects , by the always innovative John Fulton , are terrific and the supporting actors are all adequate . Frances Drake looks as beautiful as she did in Mad Love and plays a strong woman , something seldom seen in classic horror films . The scene in the end when Karloff stalks her and she doesn 't scream is one of the most haunting moments of the film . A terrific , fun film !
0	When I was 16 I saw the documentary : " A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon " . I actually liked , and believed in it for a couple of years . But then I grew up , and began to think , and when I had sought more information . This is : more info from reel sources , and non-biased sources . When I started at university , not so long ago , i asked an assistant-professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theories . What he said shocked me : He said that all those theories where lies . That baffled me , I did not believe it first , but then he presented evidence for his claims . He quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject : " humans did not go to the moon " . The most outrages claim was that the Apollo-craft could not travel through the Van-Allen-radiation-Belt , without the crew perishing from radiation . The truth is that the Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy . It is not that well-known . And the exact specifications are a secret . And why is it a secret : Well , why should they reveal it back then ? ? If they where in a space race with the Russians , then it would be VERY dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation . And then there is the biggest evidence of all : The Moon Stones . When the Apollo-missions DID go to the moon , they brought back many rocks from the moon , to give to geologists and similar scientists , who are documenting all things about the moon . These rocks and stones are IN FACT FROM THE MOON . Because : the internal basic elements , which all matter consist of , are also made of special isotopes , that are different from quarry to quarry , land to land , and especially planet from planet . The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been Proved , that they do not come from earth . The astronauts brought home HUNDREDS of Kilogram 's of these rocks , all of them have been proved to have come from outside earth , and from the same planet . Ergo : The moon-landings where not fake . NASA did go to another planet : the moon , though it is not a planet , but a satellite to a planet , a moon ( duuh ) . These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world . It has been proved : Humans did go to the moon - it is a fact , pronto . But I do not worry : most conspiracy-theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated , that is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts . The fact remains : Humans did walk on the moon .
1	Why didn 't the producers give that show a chance Of all the junk on TV , why didn 't the producers give Six Degrees a chance ? Will the series go on video ? I would love to see how it ends . Put season one on video and sell it . I was a loyal fan of Six Degrees and waited for it 's return . I set my recorder to tape all of the shows . Thank God for that . I just found out that the show was canceled and I 'm heart broken . I wish I knew it was going to be canceled , why didn 't they tell us ? I thought the show was just developing some depth in the characters . The writing was pretty good also . Steven ( Campbell Scott ) is my all time favorite . I am SO sorry to see it go !
0	and a 30,000 $ budget and this movie still looks like it was made for 50 $ . You can tell from the first frame to the last that he didn 't care one bit about the movies continuity or plot , he was just happy to be making a zombie movie . What the end result shows is a lazy film maker who loves zombie movies . It could have been great if he just had of given a care . The end result is endless zoom ins on poorly done gore , and even more poorly produced metal plays over it . What happens when you combine high hopes , big dreams , a decent budget , hard work , and one idiot behind the camera .
0	When I was a kid we always used to be babysat , and we always used to rent a film or see a film at the cinema . This is one of the films we watched . This is one of the stupidest films I 've ever seen , I think it might even be a Walt Disney Pictures film ! A martian is dropped on earth , turns into a human , befriends a human , and is trying everything he can to get back home . But he is distracted by the wonders of the Earth . The only good comment I can give is the choice of actors , Back to the Future 's Christopher Lloyd as the martian , Uncle Martin , Dumb and Dumber 's Jeff Daniels as Tim O 'Hara , Elizabeth Hurley as Brace Channing and Daryl Hannah as Lizzie . But apart from that it 's complete crap . Poor !
1	I thought this movie was very well done . Taking place in the mid 1950 's , everything looked accurate to me . It was well cast and believable . I don 't usually care much for this type of movie , because they just don 't have any depth , but I felt this movie delved in to the characters and you could feel how they felt , you got to really know them and care about them . It did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time . This movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age groups . After the movie was over I wished there was a part two . I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family . This movie is bound to be a classic . If you haven 't seen it you should try to catch it when it is on TV or rent it ...
0	This hodge-podge adapted from a Gore Vidal novel ( actually one of the great American writers ) makes THE MAGIC CHRISTIAN and VALLEY OF THE DOLLS look like Fellini art-works . Raquel Welch , with an incredible body ( and she 's actually not very tall ) in a lead role ( except for KANSAS CITY BOMBER when she was quite good ) playing Rex Reed 's ( bad movie reviewer ; not critic ) alter-ego , only to be surrounded by drag queen ( great chick ) Mae West , horny John Huston , a young and " naive " Farrah Fawcett ( pre-Lee Majors ; what a shame ) , and other various creep-azoids to pretend to spoof WAY too may things has nothing going for it except inter-spliced old films clips ( i.e. Widmark in KISS OF DEATH , Lena Horne ) ... JUST so they can continue to bleed the life out of everyone . A 2 out of 10 . Best performance = ? . It 's so bad , it 's worth seeing !
1	I watched this film in shire joy . This is possibly one of the best films of all time . It has a timeless value , you can get so much out of it it 's amazing . There are parts that are moving , funny , and just great . All aspect are spot on , the portrayal of the story is perfect , every detail is 100 % genuine , even small Irish subtleties have been covered . The use of low and high shots gives two great views on Cristy ( look out for that ) . Daniel Day-Lewis 's performance is incredible . I 've never seen an actor do that , ever . It really is amazing . And it 's so great to watch , it flows so well , it 's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience . I love it . If you haven 't seen it , you should see it . Don 't have any doubts on it , there is something there for all .
1	This low-budget erotic thriller that has some good points , but a lot more bad one . The plot revolves around a female lawyer trying to clear her lover who is accused of murdering his wife . Being a soft-core film , that entails her going undercover at a strip club and having sex with possible suspects . As plots go for this type of genre , not to bad . The script is okay , and the story makes enough sense for someone up at 2 AM watching this not to notice too many plot holes . But everything else in the film seems cheap . The lead actors aren 't that bad , but pretty much all the supporting ones are unbelievably bad ( one girl seems like she is drunk and / or high ) . The cinematography is badly lit , with everything looking grainy and ugly . The sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people are saying . The worst thing in this movie is the reason you 're watching it-the sex . The reason people watch these things is for hot sex scenes featuring really hot girls in Red Shoe Diary situations . The sex scenes aren 't hot they 're sleazy , shot in that porno style where everything is just a master shot of two people going at it . The woman also look like they are refuges from a porn shoot . I 'm not trying to be rude or mean here , but they all have that breast implants and a burned out / weathered look . Even the title , " Deviant Obsession " , sounds like a Hardcore flick . Not that I don 't have anything against porn - in fact I love it . But I want my soft-core and my hard-core separate . What ever happened to actresses like Shannon Tweed , Jacqueline Lovell , Shannon Whirry and Kim Dawson ? Women that could act and who would totally arouse you ? And what happened to B erotic thrillers like Body Chemistry , Nighteyes and even Stripped to Kill . Sure , none of these where masterpieces , but at least they felt like movies . Plus , they were pushing the envelope , going beyond Hollywood 's relatively prude stance on sex , sexual obsessions and perversions . Now they just make hard-core films without the hard-core sex .
0	Oh my , this was the worst reunion movie I have ever seen . ( That is saying a lot . ) I am ashamed of watching . What happened in the script meetings ? " Ooooooh , I know ! Let 's have two stud muffins fall madly in love with the Most-Annoying-Character-Since-Cousin-Oliver . " " Yeah , that 'll be cool ! " Even for sitcoms , this was the most implausible plot since Ron Popeil starting spray painting bald men .
0	The ' 80 's were not very kind to one-time major star Charles Bronson . Starting with 1982 's " Death Wish II " and ending with this truly gruesome film from ' 89 , Bronson 's screenwriters seemed to be trying to top each other in progressive grossness . " D.W. II " left little to the imagination in its depiction of the rape and suicide of Bronson 's character 's daughter , ( a rape and murder of his housekeeper was also shown in disgusting detail ) . " 10 to Midnight " was the sort of loathsome film that made you want to take a bath afterwards . Nothing redeeming about it . Other films like " The Evil that Men Do " and the remaining " Death Wish " films from this period straddled the line between high camp and high barf with their earnest depictions of brutality and revenge . I 'm not sure if the producers ( usually Pancho Kohner ) got a kick out of showing a weary looking , senior citizen-aged Bronson destroying punks young enough to be his grandchildren or what , but the shoddy craftsmanship ( and terrible scripts ) of these films usually destroyed what little energy they may have generated . " Kinjite " -- the last of these films -- is fairly well-made but truly takes the cake in cinematic wretchedness . In this film Bronson : sodomizes a perverse john ; forces a pimp to eat his Rolex watch ; allows a male prisoner to get raped by another prisoner ; makes incredibly xenophobic remarks among other things I 've thankfully forgotten . Also depicted is the gang-rape of a young Japanese girl ( fortunately , this was off-screen , though well-implied ) . What were people thinking when they made this film ? What was Bronson thinking when he decided to ruin his career with these horrible films ? For anyone interested in his best movies , check out most of the films he made in the ' 60 's and ' 70 's like " The Mechanic " , " Death Wish " , " From Noon til 3 " , " Once Upon a Time in the West " , " Red Sun " , " The Great Escape " , " The Magnificent Seven " , " Rider on the Rain " , etc . , etc ....
1	TCM is keeping me awake all the time ... they keep coming up with films Ive never heard of ... Senso ... now Ossessione ... a very early film by Visconti ! ! ... wow ... the Italian version of The Postman Always Rings Twice ... brilliant ! ! beautifully acted and directed ... Never heard of either leads who were excellent , Clara Calamai , as Giovanna , and especially , Massimo Girotti as Gino ... what a sensual man ! ! more muscular and attractive than anyone else on the screen in 1943 ! ! ! His look was ahead of its time ... many male stars from the 1950s were probably inspired by him ... he should have been a major world wide star ! ! The film is much better than the Jack Nicholson / Jessica Lange version and less glossier than the MGM version ( which I really like ) with John Garfield and Lana Turner remember that white outfit ? who can forget ... This Italian version is different .. more realistic and with a very different ending ... see it watch it ... Im going to buy it ! !
0	Even if this film was allegedly a joke in response to critics it 's still an awful film . If one is going to commit to that sort of thing at least make it a good joke ... first off , Jeroen Krabb is i guess the poor man 's Gerard Depardieu ... naturally i hate Gerard Depardieu even though he was very funny in the ' Iron Mask ' three musketeer one . Otherwise to me he is box office poison and Jeroen Krabb is worse than that . The poor man 's box office poison ... really that is not being fair to the economically disenfranchised . If the ' 4th Man ' is supposed to be some sort of critique of the Bourgeoisie ... what am i saying ? it isn 't . Let 's just say hypothetically , if it was supposed to be , it wasn 't sharp enough . Satire is a tricky thing ... if it isn 't sharp enough the viewer becomes the butt of the joke instead ... i think that is what happened . The story just ends up as a bunch of miserable disgusting characters doing nothing that anyone would care about and not in an interesting way either ... ( for a more interesting and worthwhile application see any Luis Bunuel film ... very sharp satire ) [ potential spoiler alert ] Really , the blow job in the cemetery that Jeroen Krabb 's character works so so hard to attain ... do you even care ? is it funny ? since Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good film maker i will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it was some misanthropic joke that got out of control ... though i 'm guessing he didn 't cast Jeroen Krabb because he 's the worst actor and every character he 's played has been a pretentious bourgeois ass ... except he 's incompetent at it . So it becomes like a weird caricature . Do you think Mr. Voerhoven did that on purpose ? and Jeroen Krabb is the butt of the joke as well ? I just don 't see it ... So you understand the dilemma i 'm faced with here right ? It is the worst film ever because he 's supposed to be a good director . So there is some kind of dupery involved . I knew ' Patch Adams ' was horrible without even seeing it . Do not be duped by ' The 4th Man " s deceptively alluring packaging or mr . Voerhoven 's reputation as a good director etc. etc .
1	Released just before the Production Code crackdown in July , 1934 , Mitch Leisen 's all-star Paramount musical is leeringly suggestive -some even claim misogynistic- and highly entertaining . Two murders occur on the opening night of " Earl Carroll 's Vanities " ( one on-stage ! ) , but that doesn 't stop the manager ( Jack Oakie ) from putting on a show as a lascivious police detective ( Victor McLaglen ) investigates . Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this backstage murder mystery before she penned " The G-String Murders " as the denouement is similar ( although more satisfying here ) . Gertrude Michael , as a vicious diva , stops the show ( in more ways than one ) with her exotic " Sweet Marijuana " number and Duke Ellington finishes with the truncated " Rape Of The Rhapsody " . The hit song , " Cocktails For Two " , came from this film . A bizarre and bawdy camp classic highly recommended ! Here 's Louella O. Parsons in the " Los Angeles Examiner " on May 17 , 1934 Earl Carroll 's hand-picked beauties ' pirouette about on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else . But September Morn herself never had a better figure than these charmers , who are made up to please the eye , especially the eye of the tired businessman . But don 't for a moment think Mr. Carroll 's girls , au naturelle , are the only attraction . Believe it or not , MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller , if you know what I mean -a murder mystery incorporated in a musical show . It all happens on the opening night at the time the play is in progress and a search is on for a murderer . Just by way of suspense , a cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes . Victor McLaglen is something new in cops . All the time he is trying to track down the murderer , he keeps his eye fastened on the chorus beauties . The murder mystery is good with the exception of the denouement , which is pretty flat . Probably faulty direction . Dorothy Stickney , who plays the maid , is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten , twenty , and thirty show . For no good reason , she rates a never-ending closeup in the big dramatic scene . The girl ensembles are good , and it 's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots . The costumes are beautiful ; in fact , this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really to their credit . As for Carl Brisson -well , he would be an addition to any show . Good-looking with a delightful singing voice and an easy , assured manner , he is all his press agents claim for him . I also like Kitty Carlisle , who plays the leading lady in the show . Gertrude Michael , as the deep-eyed villianess , gives an interesting if rather fictional portrayal . Jack Oakie , as the stage manager , is the same old wisecracking Jack , but we wouldn 't change him . Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress . Others in the cast are Charles Middleton , Gail Patrick , Donald Meek , Barbara Fritchie , Toby Wing and Lona Andre . The screen play is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King , and the direction by Mitchell Leisen . The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow . In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES , there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon , a Paramount Newsreel , and a two-reeler , THE WRONG DIRECTION . I disagree with Lolly on the denouement , it 's satisfying if over-the-top . Why would she blame the director ? Was she displeased with the story 's ending -or the way it was staged ? And what 's a " ten , twenty , or thirty show " ? Note the swipe taken at Busby Berkeley and his " overhead shots " . As hard as it may be to believe today , the public was tiring of Buzz ' schtick by May , 1934 . Mitch Leisen said , " if you are showing a stage show that 's supposed to be in a theater , you should stay within the bounds of the proscenium arch , and not do a Buzz Berkeley routine with a stage set that 's acres big . " Q : Don 't you think Berkeley 's spectacular effects justified taking this liberty ? ML : Apparently they did because they 're reviving all of his pictures and none of mine , but personally I don 't like it .
0	This movie surely has one of the strangest themes in history -- right up there with Ed Wood 's impassioned defense of cross-dressing in " Glen or Glenda ? " The subject : playing bridge . The Park Avenue set plays it ; the Bohemians play it . The Russians -- who speak very questionable " Russian " and have most unconvincing accents when they speak English -- play it at the restaurant where they work . If one isn 't interested in bridge , one -- even despite the great cast -- isn 't likely to be much interested in this bizarre movie . Loretta Young and Paul Lukas are fine . ( Well --Frank McHugh is an unlikely ghost writer -- as Lukas is an unlikely Russian . ) But they are all sunk by the fetishistic script .
0	I must preface this by saying I am a huge romantic . Hence I really wanted to like this film . So I 'm writing my thoughts to save the rest of you from the disappointment I felt watching it . The Leap Years tells the destiny-filled tale of Li-Ann who falls for the suave Jeremy and they commit to meet every leap year . A very romantic premise , based on a great short story and with a cast that doesn 't feel like you 're watching yet another Jack Neo flick . Then why oh why is it so bad ? Firstly , I feel the filmmakers thought they were shooting a music video , because they chose to replace storytelling and any true emotions with cheesy montages , predictable actions and clichd lines . I am both upset and embarrassed to have been one of the first few in Singapore to watch The Leap Years , but those of us in the cinema would agree that our muffled groans at the cringe-worthy performances spoke volumes . My hope was to watch a romantic movie that would surpass Forever Fever , the best Singaporean romantic comedy so far , and The Leap Years does not even come close . Some blogs have called it The Crap Years which is harsh but ultimately true . Don 't waste your money or your emotions like I did . The movie will make you give up on love forever .
1	Having not seen this film in about 20 years I am still impressed with it ' s hard -hitting impact and stellar acting . Of course , one Mr. Mickey Rooney is indeed , INCREDIBLE in his role as the ring-leading " Killer " . ( In reference to another review here-none other than Orson Welles evoked Mickey Rooney 's name as the greatest movie actor , also . ) I also recall the jazzy-brassy score and the bare black and white photography . I love the Mick 's last line before he goes out for his dose of lead poisoning . ( I think the Stranglers lifted it for a line in one of their songs-Get a Grip on Yourself . ) This is a great film and unjustly buried film . Let 's get it out ! Side note-a recent Film Review magazine gave a big write up on Don Segal 's " Babyface Nelson " , made a couple years before " Last Mile " and also starring Mickey Rooney . Another rave of the Mick 's intense and sympathetic performance.Perhaps it 's the start of a groundswell of a appreciation for some truly superior cinematic performances .
1	As a child I preferred the first Care Bear movie since this one seemed so dark . I always sat down and watched the first one . As I got older I learned to prefer this one . What I do think is that this film is too dark for infants , but as you get older you learn to treasure it since you understand it more , it doesn 't seem as dark as it was back when you were a child . This movie , in my opinion , is better than the first one , everything is so much deeper . It may contradict the first movie but you must ignore the first movie to watch this one . The cubs are just too adorable , I rewind that ' Flying My Colors ' scene . I tend to annoy everyone by singing it . The sound track is great ! A big hand to Carol and Dean Parks . I love every song in this movie , I have downloaded them all and is all I am listening to , I 'm listening to ' Our beginning ' also known as ' Recalling ' at the moment . I have always preferred this sound track to the first one , although I just totally love Carol Kings song in the first movie ' Care-A-Lot ' . I think the animation is great , the animation in both movies are fantastic . I was surprised when I sat down and watched it about 10 years later and saw that the animation for the time was excellent . It was really surprising . There is not a lot of back up from other people to say that this movie is great , but it is . I do not think it is weird / strange . I think it is a wonderful movie . Basically , this movie is about how the Care Bears came about and to defeat the Demon , Dark Heart . The end is surprising and again , beats any ' Pokemon Movie ' with the Care Bears Moral issues . It leaves an effect on you . Again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality .
1	" A wrong-doer is often a man that has left something undone , not always he that has done something . " --Emperor Marcus Aurelius The DVD release of " Watch on the Rhine " could not come at a better moment . It restores to us a major Lillian Hellman play stirringly adapted to the screen by Dashiell Hammett ( Hellman scholar Bernard F. Dick 's audio commentary affirms his authorship ) . It presents a subtle performance by Bette Davis , who took a subdued secondary role long after she 'd become the workhorse queen at the Warner Bros. lot . Equally significantly , it reminds us that World War II had a purpose . Sure , you say , like we needed that . We 've heard Cary Grant sermonizing in " Destination Tokyo " ( 1943 ) about Japanese boys and their Bushido knives . We 've watched jackboots stomp the living hills in " The Sound of Music " ( 1965 ) . We 've toured an England callously occupied by Germany in " It Happened Here " ( 1966 ) . Yet , truth to tell , we still need the message spread . I have an 81-year-old friend who curses Franklin Roosevelt regularly . He feels that FDR connived the U.S. into a foreign fight we didn 't need , and thereby caused the death of his favorite cousin . He 's encouraged in his demonizing of Allied leaders and the trivializing of War Two by Patrick Buchanan . The political columnist has freshly released a fat book heavy with detailed research which claims that Adolf Hitler would have posed no further menace to Poland , Europe , or the world if only the Third Reich had been handed the Free City of Danzig in 1939 . Buchanan holds that if those selfish Poles hadn 't confronted the Nazis , drawing in foolishly meddling Britain and giddily altruistic France , no war would have engulfed the West . He believes that without the rigors of Total War , no one in Germany would have built gas chambers to provide a Final Solution to the Jewish Problem . Some commenters on this site feel that " Watch " sags under the weight of stale propaganda . Maybe . However , neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seem to have gotten the film 's point : Some people hurt and kill to grab other people 's land , goods , and liberty ; such people dominated the Axis Powers and " enough " didn 't appear in their vocabulary . Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won . He and Bette Davis put convincing passion into their portrayals of refugees who fight oppressors . They give emotional punch to the intellectual case for stepping off the sidelines , for actively facing down torturers and murderers . Bernard Dick notes that Hellman didn 't care for Lukas as a person since he stayed apolitical . Of course , as a Hungarian he had seen first-hand Bela Kun 's bloody " dictatorship of the proletariat " replace an outmoded empire and then topple to Admiral Horthy 's right-wing tyranny . In a marvelous cameo role added to the play by Hammett , Henry Daniell sardonically depicts a Wehrmacht officer of the class that disdains the brown shirts he serves . His Phili von Ramme would doubtless stand with Field Marshal Rommel in 1944 during the Plot of July 20th against Hitler . In April 1940 , however , he pragmatically abets the Nazi cause , although he insults Herr Blecher " the Butcher " and scorns the Rumanian aristocrat Teck de Brancovis for trying to peddle information on an Underground leader . Teck , a pauper and possible cuckold , wishes cash and a visa to return to Europe where he can resume the shreds of a life that had come undone with the empire-shattering Great War and the greater world-wide economic Depression . He has no political convictions , no scruples about trading a freedom fighter for his own tomorrow . Mercury Theater graduate George Coulouris lends this burnt-out case 's Old World cynicism an edge of desperate menace . Lucille Watson gives winsome vitality to the grasping man 's hostess , a domineering old gal who knows her mind and gets her way--but who doesn 't adequately appreciate her children and their achievements outside the home she controls . She and her pallid office-bound son belong to the American version of von Ramme 's and de Brancovis ' privileged kind . However , this family hasn 't seen ruin and never will . They 're moneyed people who could silently advance evil simply by not opposing it . This mother and son might easily make choices which would reflect that complaisance toward National Socialism and Fascism which flourishes today in my friend and in pundit Buchanan . " Watch on the Rhine " has a manicured period look . Its dialogue reflects its erudite origins on the stage rather than sounding fresh from the streets . Yet Hellman and Hammett 's film has gut-based power . Audiences still need to hear and heed its call to arms against grabbers relentlessly on the march .
1	I first saw this film when i was around 6 or 7 years old and didn 't really think it was anything particularly special . AS time went on i watched it a few more times and it started to grow on me as i started to understand the morals of the film , which i will come to later . For a while i left this film alone and didn 't watch it for a while . When looking for an old classic film to watch a few weeks ago ( now being 15 ) , I dug out the VHS of homeward bound . After watching this i was left on a natural high that i couldn 't really explain . The film gives an overwhelming sense of joy that you never really expect . The films nature of three completely different animals collaborating together to find their way home really sends a message home that no matter how different you are you can always find common ground , something that you all need . The way the personalities of the characters is chosen is truly fantastic . In that you have an old knowledgeable wise golden retriever , looking after or guiding ' chance ' the fun loving if slightly clumsy young American bulldog , with sassy the clever , vulnerable but confident cat . The film follows these three friends or companions on a journey that is so realistically impossible it creates magic in that you start to believe that this journey can happen . I don 't want to sound like a soft tissue grabber when it comes to films i assure you i am quite the opposite , but the most uplifting part of this film is without a doubt shadows return , when shadow desperately tries to escape and chance and sassy , painfully are told by him to leave . When both animals return to their beloved owners there is a silence until shadow limps over the horizon to the awe of all . There is a fine line between heartwarming and corny rubbish but this film is pure magic even at the age of 15 . This film may not be Lord of the rings but for Disney to produce such a fantastic film using animals and for it to uplift myself in the way it does even at this age it deserves 10 / 10 .
0	Oh my god. the idea that this movie is a thriller is an absolute joke to me. besides the point that it seems to be written by a 5 year old. the plot , the acting and even the props and filming of this movie were all beyond disgrace . I am not usually this critical about any movie , cause every person has his / her style . But this movie , however , was probably the worst movie i have seen in 2008 . I can honestly believe that this movie is unknown , and i think it should stay like this , for movies like these are making the thriller genre a joke . I advise anyone that is a fan of thriller movies , or even simply movies to stay far away from this one .
0	Lynn Hollister , a small-town lawyer , travels to the nearby big city on business connected with the death of his friend Johnny . ( Yes , Lynn is a man despite the feminine-sounding Christian name . Were the scriptwriters trying to make a snide reference to the fact that John Wayne 's birth name was " Marion " ? ) Hollister at first believes Johnny 's death to have been an accident , but soon realises that Johnny was murdered . Further investigations reveal a web of corruption , criminality and election rigging connected to Boss Cameron , the leading light in city ' s political machine . That sounds like the plot of a gritty crime thriller , possibly made in the film noir style which was starting to become popular in 1941 . It isn 't . " A Man Betrayed " , despite its theme , is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama . Hollister falls in love with Cameron 's attractive daughter Sabra , and the film then concentrates as much on their resulting romance as on the suspense elements . This film might just have worked if it had been made as a straightforward serious drama . One reviewer states that John Wayne is not at all believable as a lawyer , but he couldn 't play a cowboy in every movie , and a tough crusading lawyer taking on the forces of organised crime would probably have been well within his compass . Where I do agree with that reviewer is when he says that Wayne was no Cary Grant impersonator . Romantic comedy just wasn 't up his street . One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors could be required to play any part their bosses demanded of them , regardless of whether it was up their street or not , and as Wayne was one of the few major stars working for Republic Pictures they doubtless wanted to get as much mileage out of him as they could . That said , not even Cary Grant himself could have made " A Man Betrayed " work as a comedy . That 's not a reflection on his comic talents ; it 's a reflection on the total lack of amusing material in this film . I doubt if anyone , no matter how well developed their sense of humour might be , could find anything to laugh at in it . The film 's light-hearted tone doesn 't make it a successful comedy ; it just prevents it from being taken seriously as anything else . This is one of those films that are neither fish nor flesh nor fowl nor good red herring . 3 / 10
0	Filmed in a documentary style , but you can pretty well tell participants had been coached . A recently divorced wannabe film maker ( Myles Berkowitz ) sees a chance to liven up his love life and step into the movie biz at the same time . He intends to make a documentary piece about finding love by filming twenty dates including ramifications . The comedy is spotty at best ; the rest is mishap after mishap . Also taking part are Richard Arlook , Robert McKee and the enticing Elisabeth Wagner . Trying for credibility the fetching Tia Carrere is talked into a cameo . This will suffice as a handbook on how NOT to get a satisfactory date .
0	Letting the class watch this in English was a bad idea . Films that are serious and more educational can have an effect , but it appears this one didn 't have any effect whatsoever on the class - whenever the teacher left , conversations quickly started - and I didn 't hear the words " Shakespeare " or " Tempest " being used at all . And when you look at this , it is easy to see why . The acting is nothing special - everyone seems bored to bits , just reading from the page without a care in the world . Shakespeare always did prefer expository dialogue to action and death , but I just couldn 't understand a word anyone was saying . The costumes aren 't too bad and neither are the special effects - the class may not have loved the film , but they weren 't exactly taking the p * ss either . But it is hard to joke at a film that is devoid of any sort of inspiration or joy . The scenes on the ship at the start of the film weren 't too badly done - though the rain looked a bit unrealistic , everything else was done well and good . But where were the severed heads and exploding masts ? Where was the death ? Where was the inspiration ? The character of Ariel would have been taken a lot more seriously had he been wearing clothes - but as all was on show , he was just another excuse for a joke . This film is not in any way appealing to either sex . The women and girls won 't have any romance or comedy to enjoy , and there is an abundance of naked men and lack of action or death that will put most men and boys off . The Tempest wasn 't badly done , but this felt like something the producers HAD to make , not something they wanted to make . And the general boredom and lack of inspiration show . 3 / 10
1	Contrary to what those who hate Christianity , the 700 Club provides real answers as well as inspiration . It also provides reliable news , logical commentary and a different view than what ABC , CBS , NBC and PBS thinks is best . Unlike other programs , which provide social and faith-related commentary , those who are behind the 700 Club provide help for those in need , such as feeding the hungry with Operation Blessing , providing medical help to those living in poverty-stricken communities and giving hope to those who need hope . It 's not at all hateful . If the 700 Club offends you , I suggest reaching for the remote control and turning the channel on your TV set . I do the same thing when I find CNN Headline News or for that matter , programs which I find biased or offensive . What I find offensive is the way that the ABC Family inserts the disclaimer that the views of the 700 Club do not reflect those of ABC Family .
1	Lost holds something interesting for everyone . You can say an awfully lot about this series , and an awfully lot has been said , so I won 't be the one to spell it all out for you again . Just read the persons who loved it , and you 'll know why you want to watch it . The nice thing about this series is that its totally new . There are not much movies -and even fewer- series based on the theme of only suspense , but Lost lives up to the theme with pride . Its all about the unexplained and if you combine that with an exotic location , nice plot twists , an excellent cast and a good format ( present and past combined in single episodes ) you 'll have a series in which every episode is a story on its own but part of a greater telling . You want to have all the insights of the characters , you want to see the overall picture and you 'll want to know where the writers are taking you . The result of that is that its a series which does not let you go . On a more sceptic note , the series went under a bit in season 2 , probably due to its own success . It is well known that Lost was only written for one season originally and when the overwhelming success followed , the writers were overwhelmed too . In my opinion they made the mistake to add even more mysteries and in a higher pace in season 2 , then to solve the ones ( or partially at least ) the ones of season 1 . At the end of season 2 you ended with a big blurr of secrets , plot twists and unexplained phenomena , but there is only so much a viewer can take . The difference between season 2 and 3 however was huge . Season 3 handed out a lot of insights , to partially replace them with new questions . And that 's exactly how they should write ; you want to thumble from one plot twist to the next , not get a tsunami of secrets spread all over you and then pick up a few to explain to the viewers . They got that in season 3 and brings us a promising series future for season 4 . Its good to see that such a different format of a series , can be so hugely popular .
1	I 've been watching " Dick Tracy " for years , and as a result it 's become a vital part of my life - it was with me throughout childhood and I used to see it quite often . Seeing it now , as an adult , it 's still a very good movie - dark , satiric and incredibly misunderstood . About the only thing that can be said is the Oscar nomination Pacino received - other than that it is rarely discussed and didn 't make much of a fuss when it came out . Pacino is over-the-top but to good effect as he 's clearly having loads of fun . Beatty is great as Dick Tracy and behind the camera manages to capture the atmosphere of a film noir comic book better than any other film , possibly , I have ever seen . Just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking . The lighting , velvet overtones and smog / smoke combine to create a great effect . There are some really funny cameos including one by Dustin Hoffman as " Mumbles , " and I don 't think there are any flaws at all in terms of acting - even the mandatory kid-character is far better than expected . Overall , a really fine movie that has become misunderstood over the years since its release and is incredibly underrated with only 5.7 / 10 average on IMDb . The critics ' reviews are very positive ( check out RottenTomatoes.com ) and after seeing the film once again it 's not hard to see why - this is a perfect example of capturing the essence of a comic book , from style to eccentricity . Highly recommended . 4.5 / 5 stars .
0	Les Visiteurs , the first movie about the medieval time travelers was actually funny . I like Jean Reno as an actor , but there was more . There were unexpected twists , funny situations and of course plain absurdness , that would remind you a little bit of Louis de Funes . Now this sequel has the same characters , the same actors in great part and the same time traveling . The plot changes a little , since the characters now are supposed to be experienced time travelers . So they jump up and down in history , without paying any attention to the fact that it keeps getting absurder as you advance in the movie . The duke , Jean Reno , tries to keep the whole thing together with his playing , but his character has been emptied , so there 's not a lot he can do to save the film . Now the duke 's slave / helper , he has really all the attention . The movie is merely about him and his being clumsy / annoying / stupid or whatever he was supposed to be . Fact is ; this character tries to produce the laughter from the audience , but he does not succeed . It is as if someone was telling you a really very very bad joke , you already know , but he insists on telling that joke till the end , adding details , to make your suffering a little longer . If you liked Les Visiteurs , do not spoil the taste in your mouth with the sequel . If you didn 't like Les Visiteurs , you would never consider seeing the sequel . If you liked this sequel ... well , I suppose you still need to see a lot of movies .
1	In a near future , the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb Morgan Sullivan ( Jeremy Northam ) is hired by Digicorp , a huge corporation , to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors , Sunways . Along his training , Morgan is brainwashed , assumes a new identity of Jack Thursby and travels to boring lectures . In one of them , he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious Rita Foster ( Lucy Liu ) , who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be . Morgan acknowledges a new reality , where he does not know who can be trusted . The unknown " Cypher " was a great surprise for me . This movie has not been released in Brazil , but the engaging and exciting story is quite complex , with many plot points , and with great screenplay , direction and performances . In the very last twist , I recalled Arnold Schwarzenegger 's " Total Recall " . This movie certainly deserves to be watched more than once , and I really did not like the last scene , when the independent spy disposes the disputed disc in the sea . In only know the director Vicenzo Natali from the fantastic " Cube " , and this second work I see is also stunning . My vote is eight . Title ( Brazil ) : Not Available
1	A brilliant movie about family , guilt , sacrifice , betrayal , and love . Macy is such a great actor . It was almost a shame to see him in the same scenes with Campbell , who looks the part of a neurotic sex object but doesn 't have the chops to work with him on the level the script called for . But he 's such a good actor that he played down to her level to make the scenes work . I highly applaud the casting of Tracey Ullman as the neglected wife . Who knew ? Sutherland is also very good . The way he moves makes his character look taller ( and even younger in some scenes ) . Almost everyone knew what they were doing . Macy 's portrayal of the only situation in which his character is not able to be careful is nothing short of complete mastery .
1	I 've been disappointed , if not surprised , at the lack of appreciation this film has received . Once again , Billy Zane proves he 's more than just a Hollywood pretty boy in a silent performance that combines spastic slapstick with understated pathos . Calling this a silent film is inaccurate , as there 's a lot of music and sound . It has a manic pace and is full of the goofy inventiveness that Ed Wood is finally beginning to be appreciated for . Look at the cast listing , and realize that everyone shines . No one is there just to show their face . I believe they 're all in the movie to show their appreciation of Wood , and to do a broad , physical kind of acting not seen much these days . But , today , reviewers try to guess what 's going to become a hit much more than they show any kind of esthetic appreciation for a movie . And IWUETDID has no discernable target audience . It was made mostly out of love for Wood 's script . Even after his death , the trendy social parasites have dealt him another serious blow , and deprived the world of a minor classic . This is a highly entertaining and a genuinely experimental film that really deserves to live , at least on DVD .
1	One of the most disturbing and tragic periods in American history began . The members of the Summer of Love culture , at the end of the seventies and onset of the 80 's , were eventually tool old for love beads and all night parties and evolved back into mainstream life , whatever that meant . For those who could not out grow their youthful and sometimes irrational exuberance , their 's was the culture of Wonderland . A love for drugs and a sense of entitlement coupled with a distaste for authority , values and " the establishment " is the world that the film captures . The sixties were a time of revolution and violent change that tore the American " house " apart . Once the battles were over , we all had to deal with the aftermath of the carnage . The characters in the Wonderland house are icons of the misfits of the Seventies ; part biker , part hippie , part crook , all outcast . No ideology to express , just a sense of dissatisfaction with everything and allegiance to nothing . Ron , Billy and David fancy themselves as some sort of Robin Hoods with dope . They talk of love and behave violently ; they take from the rich and sell to the misbegotten ; they steal from everyone . Holmes and company are the end result of a strange collision of anti-matter like sex , and drugs and rock & roll , when the lab technicians get bored and move on . The film is skillfully directed and paced and captures the frenetic world of the drug fiends in their element . The fact that Holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant . That story was told in " Boogie Nights " . This is a story of a transitional and forgettable era .
1	This movie has its ups and downs , but to me the good stuff in this movie very much outweighs the bads ... What 's not so good about the movie are indeed sometimes the dialogue , the sounds , the lighting ( am I the only one who noticed the way the sets were lighted was amateur , and the acting ... What is very good are the highly original storyline , the very intense atmosphere , the gore factor which is very high , and the effects which are done supremely . So , definitely worth watching , or maybe even a must-see for all you horror and gore fans ....
1	I thought this move was very good . There were a few things that were less than perfect , but overall , I was quite surprised . The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic , but was real enough to be entertaining . I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it . Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts .
1	" A Classic is something that everybody wants to have read but nobody wants to read . A classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read . " -Mark Twain ' Classic ' seems to be the word used to describe " Scarface " , Brian DePalma 's 1983 film about opulence , self surrender , greed , and danger among Florida 's drug ring . People and critics ( and rappers for that matter ) deem this film ' an epic gangster classic ' or ' eptiome of gangster films . ' When it is anything but . It is praised for all the wrong reasons . Scarface is a terrific film that deserves praise from all over , but not all the praise it gets from audiences today , and therefor the fine points it so poignantly makes are missed by the general public . First off , the film is about a Cuban refugee , with a past of wanting to escape communism grasp and find happiness . Simple ? Yes . But the layers of De Palma 's directing genius , and the great story written by Oliver Stone ( yes I know , he actually wrote a real good one here ) play into all of it . The characters are all looking for an escape , as escape is a natural element dealt with in the film by all . Each character has something to offer , that makes them likable by everyone who could appreciate this film . They are entwined in a world of mystique and money , but all that has a price , as they all learn . Each character thinks they are getting better chances in life , when in true dramatic irony , they are actually getting worse . ' Tragedy ' would be a better word to describe this movie . All those who praise the film for it 's drug usage , it 's violence , it 's dialog , totally missed the point . There is nothing really positive about the film besides the characters positive expectations of themselves . And that is why the film works so well . The devastation through out the film serves to deliver the message of the film , not to look cool or attract viewers . Brian De Palma doesn 't make movies for cult gangsters , or brainless action fans . Next on , the film is an adult drama . It is not a ' gangster film ' . It has it 's share of action , but the action is plotted very carefully , so it has a point . It 's not like " Aliens " - an example of a big dumb action film , and most audiences perceive this film as a big dumb action gangster film about doing drugs and shooting people . Ridiculous . Hogwash . If this film is about that , then it is about how bad it is . Not a promotion of it . This being said , the film is indeed a great film . It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story . It has a very dramatic score ( in true Giorgio Moroder style ) , which simply could give you chills , or bring you to tears . The film is rather lengthy , but it is a story , and each moment counts . The acting is terrific . Al Pacino - enough said . He can do any role that he puts his mind to , and this was no exception . Pretty boy Steven Bauer , as Manny . I didn 't think much of him in other films he did , but he actually makes you like him when he goes under maestro De Palma 's direction . Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem as Elvira . Popping ' fresh off the heels of a sort of embarrassment in " Grease 2 " she got her ticket to ride performing a no holds barred performance of a beauty that is more than meets the eye . But the three true diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony 's sister Gina , who when she smiles , or cries , we see her soul and her fresh way of living , and watch it deteriorate ; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa , a drug lord , who runs deeper than a river , and Shenar portrays him as so ; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina 's torn mother . These three dig the film as deep as it can go . This reviewer learned one main thing when watching " Scarface " for the first time . Always go into a film unsuspecting . All the hype and talk of this film cannot possibly prepare you for what you really see . Only knowing De Palma ( like I do ) can give you even a glimpse of what this film holds . So ignore the rap crap , ignore the mindless violence supporters , and fix yourself a glass of Bailey 's on the rocks , and indulge yourself in an emotional viewing of a great film , the real " Scarface . "
0	Why me ? Why should I be subjected to such slaughter of what could have made an interesting plot ? ! At least if I can warn other people off , it will have been worthwhile . I had to watch this horrible movie for a college course . Otherwise , I would have looked at the synopsis on the back of the thing and steered clear . The movie was slow , had PAINFULLY little character development , and centered around the idea that a creepy little white man can become cool if he hangs out with an LA-style token black man . If you want to experience the stereotypical LA feeling of dizzying superficiality - watch the movie . Note , though , that this movie does not DEPICT what we have come to think of as an " LA lifestyle " , it is a wonderful example of the products that ARISE from it .
1	One of the most nihilistic and brutal films I 've ever seen , but also one of the most tragic and moving ones . This is an action-melodrama like the world has never seen it before . Sometimes the plot got me close to tears , while in the next moment delivering shocking revelations like a bone-crunching blow to the guts . Chilling performance by Edison Chen . The story of a HK-Cop and a Cambodian killer hunting each other down , while bit by bit losing their humanity , is a strong one . Featuring very little dialog in favor of haunting imagery and gritty camera-work , " Dog bite Dog " is pure HK-Bloodshed without the Heroism .
0	I 'm going to write about this movie and about " Irreversible " ( the ( in ) famous scene in it ) . So you are warned , if you haven 't seen the movie yet . This are just my thoughts , why I think the movie fails ( in the end - pun intended ) . Acting wise , Rosario Dawson is really good and almost conveys portraying someone almost a decade younger ( a teenager in other words ) . The villain guy is good , but loses his " evil " touch right before the end . If he really never changes , then why would he let a woman tie him up ? He wouldn 't , period . Then we also have the bartender / 2nd rape Dude . Actually I don 't think you would need him . At least not for the 2nd rape , but more about that later on . Let 's reprise the story . Rosarios character is sexually insecure , might even have lesbian tendencies ( see her scene with a female friend ) . This wasn 't intentional , as Rosario states herself , but there is sexual tension between them . Rosario 's character meets a guy , who is a sexual Predator , in all the bad senses . But he makes an impression on her . Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before . I beg to differ . Because she acts , as if it is her first boyfriend , which also underlines her phone conversation with her mother . Talking about her mother , here 's another problem . After the first rape takes place , Rosarios character doesn 't tell anyone what happened . Seiing that her relationship with her mother is a very close one , nothing of that gets explored after that . If Rosarios character wouldn 't call her mother anymore or would behave strangely , the mother would be worried like crazy . There was so much potential here . Also her female friend : We see her at the party , it 's obvious there is something going on and " boom " she is gone . The first rape is almost unbearable to watch . But feels like a pinch , when you compare it to the ending ( rape ) , which feels like you 're getting hit with a sledge hammer ! After rape no . 1 we get too stretched out scenes . Threads are opened ( such as her construction work is an indication that she might be lesbian , as one guy states who tried to hit on her ... ) , but left in the open . No real social contact is established , if you leave the bartender guy out , who is involved in the 2nd and last rape scene . It 's apparent that he isn 't a " nice " guy and his character get 's fleshed out a bit . But when Rosarios character meets her rapist in class again , his being in the movie seems pointless . We get the point that Rosarios character isn 't the same anymore , that she went " bad " and is able to hurt people . ( Too ) Many scenes show exactly that , her being without emotion just doing drugs and other stuff . Back to Rapist # 1 who cheats on a test , gets caught by Rosarios character and they decide to hang out together again ( really ? ) . As absurd as that sounds , the guy meets up with her , not without us having seen him beforehand , with another girl ( very likely that he raped her too , although we never see anything of that , fortunately ) and his football career . Well career is a stretch and he is bullied . This is an attempt to give his character some depth and it almost works , but then again is too clich to stay with you . So Rapist # 1 submits to Rosarios character ... why exactly ? Because he promised her , it was her day ? Again , really ? A guy like that never loses control , especially with a woman he raped before ... I guess this is supposed to show us how stupid he is . The bartender guy would have worked as someone who could have hit him over the head or something , but letting him submit like that , just feels wrong . Another possibility would have a drug in his drink . So rapist # 1 undresses and get 's blindfolded and let 's Rosarios character tie him on a bed ... seriously , that 's just crazy ! But what comes next , is even crazier . First she talks to him , then she " shuts " him up and forces an object into him . This is as difficult to watch as rape scene number one . This isn 't about what this guy deserves or not , it 's just intense . And of course that was what they were aiming for . Now after she is " done " the bartender guy comes in and rapes ... rapist # 1 . If this really should work as a revenge movie , it would have been better if Rosarios character herself would have been doing all the " revenge " . Having a henchman doing the job , takes away everything that was built up . This isn 't supposed to be entertaining / enjoyable , it 's a hard watch & it is Art-house . But the 10 minute ( I didn 't count ) rape scene at the end , just smashes everything . Rosarios character is more or less , only watching what happens . Which brings me to the biggest disappointment . Irreversible comparison : " Irreversible " had the rape scene , but the movie went on ( even if it was back into time ) . Rosario is looking into the camera in the end and says something about having to get over this . First , that comes a bit too late , that should see her say that after the initial rape . And secondly and most importantly , this is where the Art-house movie should 've come in . It is more interesting seeing were Rosarios character would go after the second rape scene and how she would cope , with what she had done . But then again , she didn 't actually physically do that much ( see above ) ... a broken character that the movie cuts off ... Good intentions ( Talia and Rosario had worked before ) , but failing to convey most of the things , they set out to do ( even if you can see what they meant , it has to be convincing , otherwise it doesn 't work ) ... not to mention the overlong rape scenes as they are ...
1	This is one of the funniest movies I have seen . I watched it on DVD , and the disc does not have any special features , or even a menu , but that is not necessarily what I care about . I tend to judge movies on a case by case basis , depending on , among other things , if it is a big studio production or a smaller film . This is a smaller film and I am willing to forgive minor things . That said , I believe it has one of the most imaginative and original title sequences that I have seen . I enjoyed the acting of all of the major players . I especially enjoyed Til Schweiger and Alan Arkin . Alan Arkin has most of the funniest lines . The character portrayed by Claire Forlani might come across as unrealistic to some people , but I have personally known real people with emotional problems that very readily look at life 's decisions as her character does . That helped me pick up the nuances where her hurts could come out through the veneer of her humor . This is not a movie for children , obviously , but it does NOT engage in gratuitous sex and nudity . There is quite a bit of adult language , though , but it can sometimes be very funny . ( In particular , Alan Arkin 's character , who can 't even swear correctly . ) Also watch for the cameos from known character actors .
1	There are many adaptations of Charlotte Bront 's classic novel " Jane Eyre " , and taking into consideration the numerous reviews written about them there is also a lively discussion on which of them is the best . The short film adaptations all suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to cram the whole plot of the novel into a movie of about a 100 min. length , consequently these movies only show few parts of the novel . The TV series have proved to be a more suitable format to render all the different episodes of the heroine 's life . There are three TV mini series , released in ' 73 , ' 83 and 2006 . The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three , but the worst of all Jane Eyre adaptations and a striking example of a completely overrated film . The novel 's beautiful lines are substituted by insipid and trivial ones , and crucial scenes are either deleted or replaced by scenes which have nothing whatever to do with the novel . What it all leads to then is that the characters portrayed have not only nothing in common with the Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave in exactly the opposite way as described in the book , but that also their behaviour and language is absolutely not consistent with the behaviour of the period in which the novel is set . It is a silly soap opera , in which the actors look and act as if they had been put in the costumes of the 1850ies by mistake . This " Jane Eyre " ( as it dares to call itself ) is indeed a slap in the face of Charlotte Bront . The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are rendered in nearly their full length . But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen . At times the language of the novel is too complex and convoluted as to appear natural when spoken on screen , and the constant interruptions of the dialogues by Jane 's voice-overs add to the impression of artificiality and staginess . And despite the faithfulness to the novel the essence of the scenes is not captured . Another problem is the casting of the main characters . Sorcha Cusack 's portrayal of Jane as a bold , self-confident , worldly-wise young woman is totally at odds with the literary model , and Michael Jayston , although a good actor , does simply not possess the commanding physical presence nor the charisma necessary to play Rochester . Although a decent adaptation it simply fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the audience . All the faults of the ' 73 version stand corrected in the TV mini series of ' 83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke . Although from a purist 's point of view Timothy Dalton is too handsome , tall and lean to be Rochester , he possesses the essential qualities for the role : He has an imposing physical presence , great magnetism and an air of self-assurance and authority . And despite his undeniable handsomeness he looks grim and stern enough to play the gloomy master of Thornfield convincingly . But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he renders all the facets of Rochester 's character . Of all the actors who have played Rochester he is the only one to capture them all : Rochester 's harshness , nearly insolence , his moodiness and abruptness , as well as his humorous side , his tenderness , his solicitude and deep , frantic love . Dalton 's handling of Charlotte Bront 's language is equally superb . Even Rochester 's most far-fetched and complicated thoughts ring absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them . He is the definitive Rochester , unsurpassed and unsurpassable , and after watching him in this role it is impossible to imagine Rochester to be played in any other way or by any other actor . Zelah Clarke delivers an equally excellent performance in a role that is possibly even more difficult to play well than the one of Rochester . She portrays exactly the Jane of the novel , an outwardly shy , reserved and guarded young woman , but who possesses a great depth of feeling and an equally great strength of will . She catches beautifully the duality in Jane 's character : her modesty and respectfulness on the one hand , and her fire and passion on the other , her seeming frailty and her indomitable sense of right and wrong . She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight . As regards faithfulness to the literary model this version also quotes verbatim from the novel as does the ' 73 version , but with one important difference : The dialogues are shortened in this version , but the core lines which are essential for the characterisation of the protagonists and the development of the plot are rendered unchanged . Thus the scriptwriter avoided any artificiality of speech , while still fully preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Bront 's language . And in contrast to the earlier BBC version the essence of each scene is perfectly captured . The plot of the novel is followed with even greater accuracy than in the ' 73 series . It is nearly a scene for scene enactment of the novel , where equal time and emphasis is given to each episode of Jane 's life . It is the only Jane Eyre adaptation that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel , and the only one which does full justice to the novel 's pivotal and most heartrending scene when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted wedding . Timothy Dalton in particular plays that scene with superb skill . He renders with almost painful intensity Rochester 's anguish as he realizes Jane 's resolution to leave him , his frantic attempts to make her stay and his final despair as she indeed leaves him . It is a heartbreaking , almost devastating , scene , which will stay with the viewer for a long time . With even the smaller roles perfectly cast , an excellent script and two ideal leading actors this is the definitive and only true " Jane Eyre " .
0	This is pretty much the first Jason Scott Lee film I 've seen . I say pretty much , because I have also seen Soldier , in which he plays the villain ... but from what I 've heard , it 's not considered a Jason Scott Lee film . This , however , is . And if this is any indication of the quality of such films , I won 't be seeing any of the others . Lee is basically passable as a martial arts artist ... as the lead , he 's awful . He gets in a fight with random no-name characters every few minutes of the film , probably because the script writer couldn 't figure out how else to stretch out the film to the minimum required running time for a feature film . The villain is the only character with even a hint of personality , and aside from the fact that he 's certifiably insane , he barely seems like a villain at all . The majority of the film is basically Lee chasing the villain through time ... or maybe it 's the other way around . I can 't say for sure ... and I definitely wouldn 't watch it again to make sure . The effects are not completely horrible ... but it 's close . The title comes from the popular idea of using a time-machine to go and kill Hitler . Somehow , the film screws up that interesting idea as well . The plot is too complicated for its own good . The pacing is poor . I can 't think of one positive thing to say about this film ... I really can 't . It 's simply too formulaic and pointless . If only I had a time-machine , so I could go back and prevent this film from ever being made ... no , never mind . I just hope as few fragile minds are exposed to this as possible . Listen to the negative reviewers . Avoid this turkey . I recommend this to fans of Lee , and no one else . If you 're looking for a quality film ... well , this isn 't it . That 's for sure . 1 / 10
0	There are a lot of pretentious people out there who will pretend that this is endowed with some kind of beautiful meaning , and that ignorant fools like me don 't ' get ' it . Obviously this means that we should stick to Hollywood dross . It has every , a-hem , artistic clich in the book - I guess it is good that the director is one of the chosen few . Almost a self parody drowning in its own pretense . The director of the ( almost equally embarrassing ) movie ' Ratcatcher ' returns with another piece wallowing in artistic nonsense ; it is difficult to understand and apparently is a study of alienation . The best way to describe this film is alienating for its viewers .
1	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond , is an assassin . He is very very good at what he does , but he 's getting old and tired . Greg Kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man . Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives . Then one night they are having drinks in a bar , and they begin to talk . Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events . The story is excellent , the acting is top notch , and the humor is hilarious I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this funny , but he really is and I must say this movie is a must see .
0	This movie has some beautiful sets and Albert Finney does a great job as the ruthless father . The movie fails because Jennifer Jason Leigh is too jumpy as the daughter and is no match whatever for Olivia De Havilland 's far more nuanced , mature rendering in The Heiress ( 1949 ) . The film 's feminist-leaning conclusion also goes against the austere conclusion of the novel , Washington Square , whose author , Henry James , savagely parodied feminism in some of his other novels . As a fan of old Hollywood and great literature , I found this movie very disappointing .
0	This is a simple tale but it feels very manipulative . It lacks pathos for it does not leave a room for imagination or a personal thought or time for reflection . The animation is well done but I feel like it is too presentational . I would have preferred more images from behind , more space in the background and maybe then this would not feel so kitsch to me . But for a Hollywood style film it works OK but it is very derivative of Aardman films and this is bothering to me . Perhaps a longer film will test if this maker can do without the voice-over . I think the voice over is too glib .
0	This was the worst movie I 've ever seen in theaters . It was just a compilation of recycled material . People getting hit in the head is not funny . People getting kicked is not funny . After the third time a guy got kicked in the balls not even the youngest audience member was laughing anymore . It just got tired fast . I went with my younger sister . She actually laughs out loud at King of the Hill but this cinematic masterpiece bored her . I 'm not surprised . The story is pretty lame . A midget thief steals a big diamond in what was definitely the easiest heist in Hollywood history . Then he hides out with a family pretending to be a baby . I know it sounds exciting but that 's the whole story . Say those two lines over and over for 1.5 hours and you 'll get the picture There were predictable jokes galore . I really felt ripped off after seeing this . I wasn 't expecting much and I was still disappointed . I wish Keenan would just hire some decent writers to write jokes and / or his next script . This was even worse than White Chicks if that is possible . I 've seen high school plays that were better , and cheaper . There wasn 't anything positive about this movie . I don 't like my entertainment to be dumbed down .
1	Terry Gilliam traveled again to the future ( he had already done it in " Brazil " ) to tell this story about a virus that 's destroying the human race . The script is totally crazy with some easy tricks on it but it 's quite entertaining and Gilliam proves that he 's got imagination ( the futuristic scenes are just great ) . As for the cast , Bruce Willis and the beautiful Madeleine Stowe ( whatever happened to her ? ? ) are just OK , but Brad Pitt is so annoying , whenever he plays roles that are out of his hand he results so forced and he 's not credible at all . He should just play good-looking successful young men . * My rate : 7 / 10
0	After watching this on the MST3K episode , I have to wonder how many movies this film borrows from . It seems to combine elements of Logans Run , Farenheight 451 , Final Sacrifice and at least several others . At one point I was really expecting Cris Makepease to call Lee Majors ROWSDOWER . I wonder if the director has any clue how many holes there are in the plot. like the fact that , even though gas is unavailable , there is plenty of it in abandoned gas stations , and the stations are located close enough together to keep an F1 race car going all the way across the country .
0	It 's hard to praise this film much . The CGI for the dragon was well done , but lacked proper modelling for light and shadow . Also , the same footage is used endlessly of the dragon stomping through corridors which becomes slightly tedious . I was amazed to see " Marcus Aurelius " in the acting credits , wondering what an ex-Emperor of the Roman Empire was doing acting in this film ! Like " Whoopie Goldberg " it must be an alias , and can one blame him for using one if he appears in this stinker . The story might been interesting , but the acting is flat , and direction is tedious . If you MUST watch this film , go around to your friend 's house and get drunk while doing so - then it 'll be enjoyable .
0	This is a truly awful " B " movie . It is witless and often embarrassing . The plot , the basic " making into show business " routine , is almost nonexistent . In fact , the film is merely an excuse to push the war effort and highlight some popular music groups of 1942 , including the Mills Brothers , Count Basie , Duke Ellington , Bob Crosby , and Freddy Slack . Each group gets about the standard three minutes , the exception being the Mills Brothers , who for some reason warranted two numbers . Ann Miller doesn 't get to dance until the last couple of minutes of the film , and she has little to do but strut her stuff amid a barrage of patriotic propaganda . The most interesting moment in the film , in my view , occurred in the Duke Ellington segment . The band appears to be playing in a train , standing in awkward positions . ( In the deep South at the time , the band was segregated in railroad cars when traveling . ) Johnny Hodges is seen next to Duke , and Harry Carney may also be identified . In the last moments of the film , trumpeter / violinist Ray Nance rushes down the aisle to the camera and does an " uncle Tom , " bugging his eyes and wiggling his head the way Willy Best did in many films . For modern viewers , especially jazz fans , this homage to segregation is sad indeed . Some movies go best unseen .
1	There 's nothing really to dislike about " The Odd Couple , " and it 's no surprise that Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau make a hugely winning comedic team . But there 's something so underdeveloped about Neil Simon 's adaptation of his hit stage play as to make it seem more like a skit on a sketch comedy show than a full-bodied film . I have not seen the play , but have to assume that the screen version is fairly faithful , since Simon wrote it , so the defects cannot be blamed on a stage-to-screen adaptation . There are some interesting ideas in this story--two recently divorced men who fall immediately into traditional married roles when they become roommates because neither knows any differently--that Simon never fully fleshes out . Still , there are many worse ways to kill a couple of hours .
0	Based on the novel by Michael Chabon , The Mysteries of Pittsburgh is about the young son of a notorious gangster who spends his last teenage summer roaming around with two friends . The year is 1983 , and young Art Bechstein ( Jon Foster ) is at a crossroads . Completely opposed to his father 's lifestyle , Art plans to become a stockbroker . Visually contrived with painful attempts to create beautiful hip indie cinematography , the whole film feels like the director - whose previous effort Dodgeball was funny if outright commercial - is desperately seeking indie credibility by cobbling together aspects of other indie films but sprinkling it with stars like Mena Suvari , Sienna Miller and Nick Nolte . Like so many of the star-laden premieres at Sundance this year it felt like this was a secrety studio-sponsored vanity project to help the director earn some indie credibility points - it failed in that respect and as a film in its own right .
1	Imagine that you could have anything you wanted , go anywhere you wished , be anything you 'd ever dreamed of being - through thought alone . Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life . What would you do ? Would such powers be worth your soul ? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in " The Cage " the now-legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series . Famously deemed " too cerebral " and " too cold " by NBC brass and rejected , " The Cage " was nevertheless the most ambitious and costly pilot ever made in the history of the network at the time , and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all that effort and expense go to waste , with the result being this truly classic Star Trek episode , which embeds " The Cage " into a frame story which deepens and extends the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting tale , a landmark in TV history and one of the first truly serious sci-fi stories ever filmed for the small screen ... Star Date 3012 : The USS Enterprise diverts to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of the Enterprise . Surprisingly , the message cannot be from Captain Pike after all , as he is now confined to a wheelchair , mute and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident . Kirk and Starbase commanding officer Commodore Mendez attempt to get to the bottom of the mystery , but before the matter can be cleared up , Spock - for reasons as yet unknown - commits an act of open mutiny , kidnapping the helpless Captain Pike and hijacking the Enterprise via a brilliantly thought-out and timed plan aided by a few Vulcan nerve pinches . Soon , the Enterprise is headed for the remote , forbidden planet of Talos IV . Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction , and any contact with the planet by Starfleet vessels or personnel carries an immediate death sentence , meaning that Spock appears to be deliberately destroying himself , and Kirk as well , given that the Captain will be held responsible for the ship 's activities . Appalled , Kirk and Mendez give chase in a shuttlecraft , which itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or pick up the craft until power and oxygen are nearly gone . Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one following the ship - is of course unable to consign the Captain to certain death . After ordering the craft to be retrieved and the occupants beamed aboard , Spock reveals what he has done to McCoy and demands to be arrested , after having set the starship on an irreversible course to Talos IV . Upon reassuming command , Kirk demands an explanation , whereupon Spock requests immediate court martial by a tribunal of Starfleet commanding officers - of whom there are three on board - Mendez , Kirk , and the crippled invalid Captain Pike . Spock 's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations enables him to manipulate the tribunal into allowing him to present otherwise inadmissible evidence . Spock presents video recordings of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a journey taken 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself under Pike 's command . Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme detail , but the reality of the events depicted is confirmed by Pike himself , who turns out to have been lured to Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors of a Federation research vessel which crashed there 18 years previously . Among the survivors is Vina , a stunning beauty said to have been born just before the disaster . Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to lure him to an isolated spot , whereupon he is waylaid and captured by the Talosians , a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous cranial capacity and the power to transform thoughts into virtual reality . After Pike 's capture , the rest of the " survivors " vanish as none of them really existed except Vina . The episode ends when the tribunal learns that Spock 's " evidence " is in fact being transmitted to the Enterprise directly from Talos IV , in violation of Starfleet regulations . Starfleet orders an immediate halt to the transmissions , and we wonder what will happen next ... To be continued in a review of " The Menagerie : Part II " !
1	It 's difficult to not have a liking for Israeli director Eytan Fox and for his movies , which describe the life in the middle east and the inherent problems gay people can have in these regions . Besides he also gave voice to the young generations , and to the remarkable part of them , who really need PEACE and who want to take no further notice of a war that for too much time marked the existences of people , both in Israel both in Palestine . These reasons , in my opinion , are sufficient to consider Fox a noteworthy director , even when his feeling for the melodrama is a tad out of control . However the fans of his movies ( that he realized on team with Gal Uchovsky , his producer , co-screenwriter and also life companion ) seem to not being vexed by this , since his new feature , THE BUBBLE ( HA-BUAH ) , is having the same success of the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER . Announced as a contemporary gay version of " Romeo & Juliet " , set in the present day Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men ( one Israeli and the other Palestinian ) at the place of the two Shakespearean young lovers , the film actually is quite different from that or , better , it 's also something else . In fact the bubble of the title is the world apart in which the leading man , Noam , played by the Fox regular Ohad Knoller ( Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER , but I must confess I miss Jagger , the astonishing Yehuda Levi ! ) and his two co-tenants , a guy and a girl , chose to live . Around thirty-years-old , restless , witty and firm ( despite the protagonist just spent a period as national service in a checkpoint on the frontier with the Palestine ) to live a life that won 't be only made of war . The two guys are gay and along with the girl they have established a trio in which they brotherly love and support each other . Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf ( the TV star Yousef ' Joe ' Sweid ) a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv . The laws so far in force among the group are neglected , but not the will to aid one friend . Still it won 't be easy for Noam and his friends , ' cause Ashraf is clandestine in Israel and in the meantime his family , who lives in Palestine and doesn 't know he 's gay , is looking forward to settle his wedding with a very beautiful girl , who is a relative of Ashraf 's beloved sister bridegroom-to-be , who he is also a terrorist and he will have a strong liability in the development of the plot , with consequences not just for the two men . Because the prejudices against the homosexuality and the peace ( interesting dualism , if not automatic ) are stubborn and so the tragedy is unavoidable . Even if the film focus on the obstacles the relationship between Noam and Ashraf meets with , it doesn 't the overlook the other characters , which turn out well written ( for example Golan , the boyfriend of Yelli , Noam 's fellow tenant , introduced as a lively boor , and then disclosed as a sweeter and more open minded person ) and aptly performed ( besides the two leads , we mustn 't disregard the funny Zohar Liba and the lovely Daniela Virtzer , the girl of the gang ; moreover LATE MARRIAGE 's star Lior Ashkenazi appears as himself in a cameo ) . It also melds the gloomy tones with the more brilliant ones , even if the director can 't do without a melodramatic conclusion . I watched this movie more than a month ago and in the meantime I often thought about it , proof that Fox and his pal have a knack to strike home .
0	I really wanted to like this film , but the story is ridicules . I don 't want to spoil this film , - don 't worry right from the begin you know something bad is going to happen - but here 's an example of how sloppy this film was put together . The Cowboy and " Twig " ride up the ridge . The Cowboy has a handle bar mustache . The Cowboy and " Twig " get into a shoot out and race half way down the ridge . The Cowboy is clean shaven through out the rest of the film . Sometime between the gun fight and the ride down the mountain the cowboy has had time to shave , in dark , on the back of a horse . To be fair , the acting by the four main characters is solid .
0	After we counted the use of the f word , oh , about 22 times in the first 10 minutes or so of the film , listened to some really bad actors going on about a woman and a horse , and pretty much acting like 12 year old boys being naughty together , well , we turned it off . Relying on gratuitous profanity and potty humor is a sure sign of a loser Hollywood movie , the product of unimaginative and no-talent writers . We did give it a second chance , thinking surely it would get better . No dice . Later , my boyfriend skipped through the rest of the movie in case it improved , still no dice . The main character did have a cool bike . I wouldn 't recommend this to anyone except maybe really immature adolescents , or frat boys .
0	What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to search for transcendental enlightenment by trying to join a country club ? If he had , he could have called it The Razor 's Edge , since the Katha-Upanishad tells us , " The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over ; thus the wise say the path to Salvation is hard . " But Maugham decided to stick with the well-bred class , and so we have Darryl F. Zanuck 's version of Larry Darrell , recently returned from WWI , carefully groomed , well connected in society and determined to find himself by becoming a coal miner . Or , as Maugham tells us , " This is the young man of whom I write . He is not famous . It may be that when at last his life comes to an end he will leave no more trace of his sojourn on this earth than a stone thrown into a river leaves on the surface of the water . Yet it may be that the way of life he has chosen for himself may have an ever growing influence over his fellow men , so that , long after his death , perhaps , it will be realized that lived in this age a very remarkable creature . " The Razor 's Edge has all of Zanuck 's cultural taste that money could buy . It 's so earnest , so sincere ... so self-important . As Larry goes about his search for wisdom , working in mines , on merchant ships , climbing a Himalayan mountain to learn from an ancient wise man , we have his selfish girl friend , Isabel , played by Gene Tierney , his tragic childhood chum played by Anne Baxter , the girlfriend 's snobbish and impeccably clad uncle played by Clifton Webb , and Willie Maugham himself , played by Herbert Marshall , taking notes . The movie is so insufferably smug about goodness that the only thing that perks it up a bit is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton . " If I live to be a hundred I shall never understand how any young man can come to Paris without evening clothes . " Webb has some good lines , but we wind up appreciating Clifton Webb , not Elliot Templeton . Zanuck wanted a prestige hit for Twentieth Century when he bought the rights to Maugham 's novel . He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service . He made sure there were well-dressed extras by the dozens , a score that sounds as if it were meant for a cathedral and he even wrote some of the scenes himself . The effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a rented tux . Despite Hollywood 's view of things in The Razor 's Edge , I can tell you that for most people hard work doesn 't bring enlightenment , just weariness and low pay . After nearly two-and-a-half hours , we last see Larry carrying his duffle bag on board a tramp steamer in a gale . He 's going to work his way back to America from Europe with a contented smile on his face . " My dear , " Somerset Maugham says to Isabel at the same time in an elaborately decorated parlor , " Larry has found what we all want and what very few of us ever get . I don 't think anyone can fail to be better , and nobler , kinder for knowing him . You see , my dear , goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and he 's got it ! " Larry and the audience both need a healthy dose of Dramamine . Maugham , lest we forget , was a fine writer of plays , novels , essays and short stories . To see how the movies could do him justice , watch the way some of his short stories were brought to the screen in Encore , Trio and Quartet . And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell , spend some time with Lawrence Durrell . The Alexandria Quartet is a good read .
1	This film makes a strong comment about the Italian people of the time . The use of the mirrors to enhance the revelations of the characters is lovely and I can 't not mention the beauty and magnificence of Sophia Loren and Mastroianni . I love them both . Their way of interacting is so beautiful and natural that you may question whether or not the camera is actually there . The husband , in his brief role , is also excellently portrayed as the fascist Italian who commands his wife and children but , in his own way , a loving father . The beginning scenes with Hitler at Piazza Venezia with all the Italians is incredible and really places the film historically . I loved the film and I also agree that it is funny it isn 't more renowned .
0	Over the past year , Uwe Boll has shown marginal improvement as a filmmaker , cranking out the competent " In the Name of the King " ( a " Lord of the Rings " clone ) and the proudly vulgar , post-9 / 11 satire " Postal . " But then came " Seed , " and the counter was reset to Zero , keeping his bid for legitimacy and respect that much further out of reach . And I 'm a fan of the guyhis films exhibit a uniquely screwball vision , and are never dull . Spawned from his frustration over the savage notices his early films received , " Seed " is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary , and an even worse jab at creating an iconic slasher mythology ( Boll often seems to be taking a page from Rob Zombie 's successful reboot of " Halloween " ) . The antagonist is Maxwell Seed ( Will Sanderson ) , a mute , hulking brute who 's slain 666 people and sits on death row , awaiting execution ; after unsuccessfully frying the beast , he rises from the grave to seek revenge on those who put him there ... and so begins a string of wholly gratuitous mayhem . Trying to create a new-millennium slasher in the vein of Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees , Max Seed is too nondescript and boring to leave an impression , ultimately resembling a washed-up pro wrestler doing " The Toolbox Murders " on a succession of equally boring victims . Furthermore , Seed 's character and Boll 's " message " run contrary to one another : the death penalty is wrong , sure , but are we really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer who 's left a couple hundred corpses in his wake ? I think not . Meanwhile , Michael Pare acts like a listless , long-lost brother to James Remar 's character on " Dexter " : a cop who sits at his desk a lot , thumbing through newspaper clippings , and watching pointless stop-motion scenes of decomposing animals and people trapped in Seed 's lair . By the time he and a bunch of cardboard cops storm Seed 's hideout , the sequence is so drawn-out , ill-conceived ( the lighting is almost non-existent ) , and unexciting ( despite a healthy dose of gore ) that it almost put me to sleep . The shoddy film-making isn 't limited to just that sequence : " Seed " appears to have been shot by a drunken cinematographer , since the camera bobs and weaves endlessly , a technique that 's more stomach-turning than the gore itself ; these protracted takes of very little happening only draw attention to the meandering , almost non-existent narrative . At 90 minutes , the film is distended enough to be considered a form of torture , which might have been Boll 's intent all along . Pure genius ... I guess the joke 's on me .
0	Profanity , stupidity , self-indulgence , and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making . Pesci 's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke , shows the opposite instead . He is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead . A true must-miss !
0	Abysmal with a capital " A " . This has got to be one of , if not THE , unfunniest show on TV right now . I 'm about as anti-bush as it gets , but this show doesn 't even get a chuckle out of me . What you think of Bush as a president has absolutely NOTHING to do with whether or not you 'll like this piece of crap show . The " jokes " are not funny at all . For example , in a scene when lil bush has his underwear on his head : " Welcome to camp al-qa-eeda ! " . There is NOTHING funny about that . Is it even supposed to be joke ? The commercials that were shown in the weeks leading up to the show , hyping it up , were funnier than the show itself , and that 's just sad . Hopefully this does not even get considered for a second season . It shouldn 't even have had a first .
0	There may something poetically right in seeing dentists suffer . Suffer they do , in this dreary , truly dreadful film , but they cause the audience to undergo pain of the non-dental variety too . If you ever wanted to see a movie full of screaming kids , barfing kids , sick kids , lots of long , long meaningful glances , a deadpan wife and a concerned husband : it 's all here for you . Boring , overlong , it stands out as one of those examples that scream out : why ? Is there a saving grace ? Yes , there is . There is a short scene from Nabucco , with some pretty good singing . Save your money , or if it 's on TV or cable , save your time . You can always read a book or make an omelette .
1	I happened to see this movie twice or more and found it well made ! WWII had freshly ended and the so-called " Cold War " was about to begin . This movie could , therefore , be defined as one of the best " propaganda " , patriotic movies preparing Americans and , secondly , people from the still to be formed " Western NATO block " of countries to face the next coming menace . The movie celebrates the might of the US , through the centuries , while projecting itself onwards to the then present war , which had just ended . Nice and funny is the way of describing the discovering of the American Continent by Columbus and pretty the " espisode " of New Amsterdam and the purchasing of Manhattan from a drunk local Indian .. Must see it ( at least once , for curiosity of fashion of propaganda through time ) ! : )
0	The plot is about a female nurse , named Anna , is caught in the middle of a world-wide chaos as flesh-eating zombies begin rising up and taking over the world and attacking the living . She escapes into the streets and is rescued by a black police officer . So far , so good ! I usually enjoy horror movies , but this piece of film doesn 't deserve to be called horror . It 's not even thrilling , just ridiculous.Even " the Flintstones " or " Kukla , Fran and Ollie " will give you more excitement . It 's like watching a bunch of bloodthirsty drunkards not being able to get into a shopping mall to by more liquor . The heroes who has locked themselves in , inside the shopping-mall to avoid being eaten by the hoodlums outside , are not better either . Even though they doesn 't seem to be drunk , they give the impression of being mentally disabled . Save your money instead of spending it on this !
0	I have only had the luxury of seeing this movie once when I was rather young so much of the movie is blurred in trying to remember it . However , I can say it was not as funny as a movie called killer tomatoes should have been and the most memorable things from this movie are the song and the scene with the elderly couple talking about poor Timmy . Other than that the movie is really just scenes of little tomatoes and big tomatoes rolling around and people acting scared and overacting as people should do in a movie of this type . However , just having a very silly premise and a catchy theme song do not a good comedy make . Granted this movie is supposed to be a B movie , nothing to be taken seriously , however , you should still make jokes that are funny and not try to extend a mildly amusing premise into a full fledged movie . Perhaps a short would have been fine as the trailer showing the elderly couple mentioned above and a man desperately trying to gun down a larger tomato was actually pretty good . The trailer itself looked like a mock trailer , but no they indeed made a full movie , and a rather weak one at that .
1	I had a vague idea of who Bettie Page was , partly due to her appearance in the very wee days of Playboy ( apparently , when she got her photo taken of her and her Santa hat , just that , she didn 't know what the mag was ) . The movie , co-written and directed by American Psycho 's Mary Harron , fleshes out the key parts of her life well enough . A southern belle of a church goer has some bad experiences and leaves them behind to seek better times in New York City , where she gets into modeling , and from there a lot more . Soon , she becomes the underground pin-up sensation , with bondage the obvious ( and " notorious " of the title ) trait attributed to her . The actress Gretchen Moll portrays her , and gets down the spirit of this woman about as well as she could , which is really a lot of the success of the film . She 's not a simplistic character , even if at times her ideas of morality are questionable ( " well , Adam and Eve were naked , weren 't they ? " she comments a couple of times ) . Apparently , the filmmakers leave out the later years of Page 's life and leave off with her in a kind of redemptive period , leaving behind the photo shoots for Jesus . In all , the Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a kind of usual bio-pic presented by HBO films , albeit this time with the stamina for a feature-film release . The best scenes that Harron captures are Page in her " questionable " positions , getting photos of her in over-the-top poses and starring in ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms . This adds a much needed comic relief to the film 's otherwise usual nature . It 's not that the story behind it is uninteresting , which involves the government 's investigation into the ' smut ' that came out of such photos and underground magazines . But there isn 't much time given to explore more of what is merely hinted at , with Page and her complexities or her relationships or to sex and the fifties . It 's all given a really neat black and white look and sometimes it seemed as if Harron was progressing some of the black and white photos to be tinted more as it went along . It 's a watchable view if you 're not too knowledgeable of Bette Page , and probably for fans too .
0	I thought this was a great idea but , boy , was it poorly executed . We do get a broad sense of how complex and challenging the backstage operations of a show are , but virtually no specifics about any of it works . The producers don 't seem to have found any way to tell a story or give the viewer a " through-line . " ( Which is not to say they didn 't try , but having the stagehands relate a synopsis of the Ring cycle as the program 's narrative does nothing to tell us about the job of physically mounting an opera . ) We see lots of things happening , but are told little about what it is that the people are doing and why . There 's little sense of who is who , or how the various production departments fit and work together . For instance , several times we hear about a problem of some sort -- one expects then to see the problem and its consequences and / or how it gets resolved . But instead the filmmakers generally just cut to something else ( generally , pretty generic footage of people pushing stuff or talking into headsets . ) Overall the film ends up feeling more like a pastiche of images that you 'd see run under the closing credits of a show , rather than anything worth watching for its own merit .
0	Now , i hired this movie because Brad Dourif was in it . He is an excellent actor , BRILLIANT in everything ... except this movie . And i think that was only because he realized how stupid this movie was , and didn 't bother with a good performance . This movie is a unintentional-comedy . Some of the lines just crack me up . And them there are some lines that make no sense , and it seems like Tobe Hooper just throw lines in without thinking about the plot . Oh ! BTW the plot is BAD ! But it one of those films that is TAHT BAD that its actually PAINFUL to watch . I recommend this only for BIG Brad Dourif fans , or fans of any of the other actors , because the plot is pathetic .
0	I think it 's time John Rambo move on with his life and try to put Vietnam behind him . This series is getting old and Rambo is no longer a solider but a cold blooded killer . Ever time he turns up on the screen someone dies . Vietnam was not a fun place to be and frankly I am tired of Hollywood making it seem like it was . This is not the worst of the films concerning Vietnam , that honor goes to John Waynes Green Berets . In any case John Rambo carrying around a 50 cal Machine Gun taking on what seems to be half of the Viet Cong army plus a good many Russians is an insult to watch . What is worse is Rambos cheesy speech at the end ... Please ! ! Oh yeah I heard they are making another one ...
1	Like TALK RADIO , THE BOOTH is actually kinda predictable ( TALK RADIO because we know the truth of what happened going in , THE BOOTH because of- let 's face it- the genre and the basic set-up ) . That 's not necessarily a bad thing , in this case . It means , in essence , that the filmmakers don 't punk out in the end the way they might 've in , say , an American version of this story . THE BOOTH moves inexorably toward its ( foregone ) conclusion , but is so beautifully crafted on every level that one can enjoy the ride the way one might a familiar cruise along a well-travelled stretch of ( very scenic ) road . It reminds me of Harlan Ellison 's spooky short story , FLOP SWEAT . The claustrophobia is , at times , almost palpable . Worth a nice long look .
1	I have seen this film only the one time about 25 years ago , and to this day I have always told people it is probably the best film I have ever seen . Considering there was no verbal dialogue and only thought dialogue i found the film to be enthralling and I even found myself holding my breath so as not to make any sound . I would highly recomend this film , I wish it was available on DVD .
0	" Shadrach " was not my favorite type of movie . I found it overly sentimental and the acting was below par . Harvey Keitel and Andie MacDowell were good but some of the other actors weren 't at all believable . I also did not believe that Paul 's parents would go away and leave him with the Dabney family , especially when they had a housekeeper living in the home . Their social classes were too far apart to consider this believable . It seemed the Dabney 's lifestyle was too exaggerated . There was a scene in the beginning of the movie that showed Andie MacDowell getting out of a car after having sex with someone . Who was it ? Her son ? What was the scene supposed to show us ? Why was the scene even included ? It had nothing to do with the rest of the movie and was in fact never alluded to again . It seemed gratuitous and not fitting into the story at all . There were too many inconsistencies in the movie for me . The story concerning Shadrach was nice but I wasn 't convinced that the Dabneys would have been as kind and generous as they were portrayed .
1	When I found the movie in the schedule for Christmas , its title did not sound familiar to me since I have not read the novel and had not heard anything about the film . Yet , having read the content , I decided to spend my Christmas evening on watching the movie . The effect surprised me totally : I do not remember when I last saw a film in which every single moment involved me . A VOW TO CHERISH is , without any doubt , one of the movies that now constitutes a real surprise I have received from cinema . Here are some arguments of mine why I consider this film a highly underrated piece of good cinema . First , the entire content is particularly educational . It has something to offer to the modern audience - pure right faith and some answers for the universal questions . Is there a need for Christ in our times ? Does Love still matter ? What for is there faith ? What is the logics of burden and suffering in life ? Is there really Someone by my side I can always trust ? The movie provides the answers through the content since all that happens to the characters may as well happen to any of us . Second , the movie is exceptionally humane . The main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions . Is it better for Kyle David Denman ) and Teri ( Megan Paul ) to start their own lives and forget about the family or retain the values they were taught at home ? Is it better for John ( Ken Howard ) to leave Ellen ( Barbara Babcock ) , his sick wife , and start a new happy life with Julia ( Donna Bullock ) , a woman he falls in love with ? In fact , Ellen no longer recognizes him ... Yet , he decides to vow HIS WIFE eternal fidelity . Had John 's rebellious brother , Phil ( D. David Morin ) , better go on his easy life although it does not bring him satisfaction or once start to think seriously of his life . Phil 's prayer to God in the park is a psychological masterwork of universal aspect of humanity . These words could be as well said by everybody no matter of where , when or how they live . Third , the movie is a great portrayal of family , not very popular nowadays : there are problems , yet , there is always something more powerful that gets these people together . This " something " is love and trust . I know that it may seem a bit idealistic . Not all families can rely on fidelity and it may not be as simple as that . Nevertheless , it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one . Fourth , the entire film focuses on people 's mutual help . If we want to live happy lives in our society , we must understand one thing : we have to help one another . Alexander ( Ossie Davis ) is an example of such attitude . At the beginning of the movie , we see him talk to John about praying . Later , he helps his brother . Alexander is a kinda " angel " that is sent to John and his family . Isn 't it possible that we may become angels to one another ? Fifth , the artistic features are also worth attention . PERFORMANCES : Barbara Babcock gives an authentic performance as Ellen and although she has a difficult role , she does a perfect job . Consider , for instance , the moment she appears at school and badly wants to teach again . Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband . PICTURE : The most memorable for me was the scene of John and Ellen in the park walking on the fallen leaves ( autumn ) while the sunshine ( love ) spreads everywhere . I interpreted as a sort of symbol : even if there is sorrow , this can always be illuminated by light and joy ... A VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful movie that realistically showed to me what it means to love , what fidelity is as well it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe . At the end , I would like to quote the profound words from the movie I found very touching and hope you will also do Kyle to his uncle Phil : Yes , he ( John Brighton ) lives according to the Bible . But nobody forces you to do so . Yet , according to what rules do you live ?
0	This show had a lot of hype but I didn 't know about it until the midseason ( season 1 ) . Someone even recommended the show to me . But I decided that if I was going to watch it , I was going to wait until the end of the season so I could watch it in bulk . Due to the show 's format , I 'm happy I waited . I imagine it would have been fairly annoying have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story . Somehow , this show has managed to throw in too much sex . Jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves . Right after he finds out that one woman he had sex with was killed , he 's in bed with another woman the next night ! Then Tara and Sam get it on , despite each of them knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie . And for some reason , Sookie gets mad when she later finds out about it--even though she 's sleeping with a vampire . One of the problems with the show , is that it doesn 't do a good job of making you care about the characters . I really didn 't care for Jason at all . Along with his endless pursuit of tale , he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him . After a few episodes , I wouldn 't have minded if he got killed somehow . For that reason , I was for the most part uninterested in the murders until Sookie 's Grandmother became a victim ( since the first two were more closely involved with Jason ) . Then once Sookie and Bill have sex , the story gets a few more subplots . Tara 's mother wants an exorcism , then the exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon . I wasn 't so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing as I know there are some people who really believe in that stuff . However , they waste little time in showing that is it a farce right after Tara spends about $ 1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother . At other points , some of the developments happen too fast . Jason continues being a jerk , trying to sell his Grandmother 's stuff to buy vampire blood , which apparently is the new crack or something . In his search he finds this girl who will do V ( vampire blood ) with him . They get high , and within three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire tribunal . He 's only gone for two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if he thinks " vampire politics " are more important than her . Subtlety is not this show 's strong suit . It doesn 't take a genius to figure out something is going on with the local dog . Although my assumption wasn 't dead on , it wasn 't that much of a surprise . But the finale two episodes was where it really got annoying as it just shoved all the developments in your face as if you couldn 't possibly figure the out for yourself . When Tara gets into the car accident , the naked lady 's face with the pig is clearly shown , and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the jail for the bailout . As if that wasn 't enough , they later show the lady again with the pig at her house . Then it 's time to wrap up the murder story . At the end of the penultimate episode , it 's revealed that Renee is not who he says he is and most likely is the killer . In the final episode , they shove Renee being the killer in your face . Sookie remarks that it 's odd that Renee 's thoughts don 't have an accent . I thought that was fine , as it adds to Renee being a fraud . But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee . They show that Renee has the tape of Maudette with the vampire and his fiance finds a tape in one of Renee 's boxes about how to fake a Cajun accent . At this point it was just ridiculous . I mean WE GET IT ! ! ! So blah blah blah stuff happens . Bill almost kills himself while failing to save Sookie , who still manages to kill Renee . They start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issues . The naked pig lady and Sam have a history , Lafayette has gone missing and might have been killed . Jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti-vampire church--which makes me care about him even less . It 's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show . I think I just expected this show to be better . I 'm interested in seeing what happens in season 2 , but if I watch it , I 'll most likely wait for the season completion .
1	This movie was excellent . I was not expecting it to live up to all the hype but it did . Like all the Bourne movies the action is fast paced , realistic and intense . If you liked the other two movies in the trilogy you will love this one also . The movie 's plot is straightforward and there are no plot twists that are too unrealistic . OK , Julia Stiles character showing up in the Italian safe house was kind of far-fetched especially after what happened in Supremacy but it makes sense that she is the only character in " Treadstone " that Bourne knows , that does not want him dead and he could possibly trust and the only person to lead him in the right direction . The action is driven by characters and their reactions to what is happening all around them . The thing that I always loved about the Bourne movies is that Bourne can kick butt but when matched with people as good as he is the fights are struggles and he takes a lot of damage in them . They never treat the audience like idiots . All the actors were solid in their performances . I believe that Damon could play Bourne in his sleep and receives excellent support from Joan Allen reprising her role from Supremacy , David Strathairn and Scott Glenn . I recommend this film and the trilogy . I do miss Franka Potente though .
1	Madhur Bhandarkar has given it all raw . But the best part is he hasn 't forgotten to give the ingredients . It has come short and crisp to the viewer and it is the audience to make the choice now . Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth irrespective of the crudeness attached to it . Madhavi ( Konkan Sharma ) is a journalist and enjoys her work . A simple and peaceful life adores her with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl . She covers the Page 3 ( Celebrity Page ) of Nation Today , where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri ( Boman Irani . ) But life takes turn for her as she hits the first bump and takes herself away from Page 3 and goes into Crime bit . Omigosh ! a whole new world was waiting for her there . She is shocked , excited , stunned with the revelation . Her reaction has resulted in losing the job . At the end she is back to Page 3 . Now when she meets any celebrity in a party , she knows the actual looks of each , hidden under the illusive face . The movie has a message and it is crude . The audience needs to get it in their own color . The theme and the screenplay was fantastic . There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences . Like the foreplay-club is shown before the pedophiliac exhibition , the short suspense before gay-actions in bathroom . The dialogs are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it . Charu Mohanty 's 2 words speaks volumes and he is very successful in uttering those two words with such ingenuity , it leaves an impact . The set selections could have been better . The songs don 't stand anywhere ; but they were needed in the background . Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high-impact . There were a few flaws visible . Atul Kulkarni explaining Konkan Sharma that honesty should be tagged along with intelligence . There could have been a better dialog as this sounds like a preach . The meeting between Thapar and his daughter doesn 't call for acting . That scene looks very unprofessional . Overall it is a must-watch movie with selective options before the pedophilia incident . That may spoil your mood .
0	I am commenting on this miniseries from the perspective of someone who read the novel first . And from that perspective I can honestly say that while enjoyable , I can see why it hasn 't been rebroadcast anytime recently . More specifically , this mini has some serious problems , such as : 1 ) It is terribly miscast . The actors who played the younger generation were all 15 to 20 years older than the characters . Ali McGraw ( 45 at the time ) was playing Natalie Jastrow who was supposed to be about 26 . Jan-Michael Vincent ( 39 at the time ) was playing Byron Henry who was supposed to be about 22 . The other Henry children , and Pamela Tudsbury , were also played by actors way too old for characters who were supposed to be in their 20 's . 2 ) Some of the acting was absolutely awful . Ali McGraw at times almost made this mini unwatchable . I have seen more convincing performances in high school plays . 3 ) The directing was poor . To be fair to Ali McGraw , the bad acting and character development were probably the directing . The portrayal of Hitler was way overdone . His character came off looking and behaving more like a cartoon villain than the charismatic , sometimes charming , but always diabolical genius Herman Wouk painted him as in the novel . Some of the other characters are done so stereotypically ( Berel Jastrow ) they do not gain the depth of character that Wouk created for them . 4 ) This mini is very dated . The hokey music , the pretentious narration ( it sounded like a junior high school history film narration ) , and the entire prime-time soap opera feel of the mini made it almost comical at times . Also , too often Byron and Natalie are costumed and made up to look like they are in 1979 rather than 1939 . Someone who watches this without the benefit of reading the novel first will probably not sit through it all , because it will come off more as a late 70 's / early 80 's " take myself too seriously " prime-time soap drama , rather than the television version of what is certainly a modern American classic . Remakes of older movies and the like are sometimes poorly done , but this is probably one case where a creative and inspired director could make a very stunning , memorable , and critically acclaimed production . I don 't ever see that happening since a remake would have to be just as long ( 15 hours ) or longer to do it right , and given the short attention span of most of the current American viewing public , it wouldn 't fly .
1	Other reviewers have summarized this film noir well . I just wanted to add to the " Whew ! " comment one reviewer made regarding Elisha Cook 's obviously coke-fuelled drumming episode . This WAS a doozy , I must say . Cook deserved some acclaim for his frenzied performance . A bit of trivia that I am surmising about : Cook appeared as a waiter in the 1941 Barbara Stanwyck film , " Ball of Fire . " He was a waiter in the nightclub where Barbara was singing and legendary drummer Gene Krupa was drumming , most energetically . Is it too much to suggest that Cook 's spazzy drumming in the later film , " Phantom Lady , " was very much inspired by Krupa 's work , as witnessed by Cook 3 years earlier ? If you watch Krupa in " Ball of Fire , " I think you 'll note some clearly similar body movements . One hopes , of course , that HE was not influenced by any drugs at the time !
0	In 2005 , George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States ; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons ; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness ; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared.The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year , but the film itself was pathetic and maybe , the worst one from that year.Now , in 2009 , the United States have another President , there is another Pope , new Korean nuclear weapons ... and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef , which is better than the original one ... but that 's the same as saying : " getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut " .This sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight , but who are perfect for showing their bodies.Chris Carmack ( The O.C. ) , David Anders ( Heroes and Alias ) , Laura Vandervoort ( Smallville ) , Marsha Tomason ( Lost ) and Audrina Patridge ( The Hills ) bring hollow and boring performances.I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek ( Critters and Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure specially ) but on this movie , he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension , emotion or entertainment.The characters from this movie are not only badly performed , but they are also repulsive.Honestly , I wanted all of them to die.The cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels.Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film , but that 's the same as nothing , as I previously said.Avoid this crappy film at all costs .
1	Felt it was very balanced in showing what Jehovahs Witnesses have done in protecting American freedoms . It also showed the strong faith of two families who were first generation witnesses . I also appreciated how it showed how by becoming a Jehovahs Witness affects non-witness family members and how hard it is for them to accept the fact that they don 't celebrate holidays , the sad part is that non-witness families do not think of having their witness family over for family dinners / visits or give them gifts at any other times but for holidays or birthdays . When it comes to medical care the witnesses want and expect a high standard of medical care , what people forget is that blood transfusions allow for sloppy medical care and surgeries whereas bloodless treatments causes the medical team to be highly skilled and trained , which would you prefer to treat your loved ones ? I highly recommend this video !
0	Anita and Me seems to be little more than an excuse for Meera Syal , the author of the novel and screenplay , to air her prejudices , grievances and general antipathy towards the English . The general sentiment of Indian superiority over the English in this film is foul . The English people in this film are portrayed as overweight , violent , foul-mouthed , promiscuous , engaging in child neglect , stupid , uneducated , racist , ugly , eating poor food , and dim-witted -- tellingly , only by turning to Indian culture can the local priest be " redeemed " at the end of the film . By contrast , the Indian family are beautiful , clever , educated , can speak many languages , are caring and loving parents , and grammar-school fodder . The film is so insidiously prejudicial that I am astonished the BBC funded it at all . Had it been the other way round , an English family in an Indian community depicted this way , the film would have been seen as racist . There were a few moments where my eyebrow shot so far up my forehead , I thought it would lodge in my hairline . First , the gossip scene between the women at the Divali celebration -- undertext : the English are dirty and promiscuous -- and the men -- undertext : English women are prostitutes . Second , the meal with Anita where Neema 's family lie to her about cutlery -- undertext : the English are so stupid , you can make them do anything . But the underlying contempt towards anything English -- even English weddings are an object of scorn -- is evident all the way through the film . The character of Anita was drawn so appallingly -- almost the fallen woman trope -- that I finished the film feeling angry . This is not a " Bend it like Beckham " where the humour is focused on loving exaggerations of a community 's behaviour and customs from somebody within that community , and is a film about two girls from different backgrounds coming together . Instead , Anita and Me seems to convey that a form of cultural apartheid is inevitable , as the English are almost an version of the Indian Untouchable caste , and this is underscored by a thinly-veiled series of attacks upon the film 's " other " community : the English . I felt Anita and Me is a hate-filled , grievance-based piece of work . On that basis , the BBC should not have funded its production .
0	Just when I thought I would finish a whole year without giving a single movie a " Bomb " rating , a friend brought this notorious turd to my house last night . I feared the worst knowing its reputation , and it was as God-awful as I 'd anticipated . This is a Mexican-made mess , dubbed into English , and produced by K. Gordon Murray . It 's got terrible sets and effects , and features a rather frightening Santa who doesn 't operate at the North Pole , but instead from a cloud in outer space , and who doesn 't have little elves helping him make his toys but rather all different groups of children from practically every country there is . The opening sequence , where St. Nick chuckles heartily as he observes monitors showing all these kiddies working hard while singing terrible holiday songs in a variety of languages , seems to go on forever , and with no story . Obviously , THIS Santa Claus doesn 't observe the child labor laws ! Eventually we get some nasty and slinky red-suited apprentice of the devil himself traveling from hell to Earth , just to make little kids naughty and turn Santa 's Christmas Eve rounds into a nightmare . Watching this movie is a trippy and twisted experience , and it 's bound to frighten little children and turn them off Santa Claus and the holidays forever . Oddly , the name of Jesus Christ is mentioned often in this Christmas film , which somehow makes it all the creepier in the context of all the bizarre things that are going on . This easily makes my personal list of the " Worst Movie I 've Ever Seen " , but I 'm sure that 's nothing unique .
0	I did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the TMNT to be four brothers with their teacher Splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like Leonardo , Michelangleo , Raphel and Donatello so Venus here doesn 't have any meaning or playing any important part and I believe that the old TMNT series was much more better than that new one which contains Venus As a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the TMNT we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action , we wish to see more new of TMNT series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle .
1	I 'm not a Steve Carell fan however I like this movie about Dan , an advice columnist , who goes to his parents house for a stay with his kids and ends up falling in love with his brother 's girlfriend . Its a story thats been told before , but not like this . There are simply too many little bits that make the film better than it should be . The cast is wonderful , and even if Carell is not my cup of tea , he is quite good as the widower who 's suppose to know everything but finds that knowing is different than feeling and that sometimes life surprises you . At times witty and wise in the way that an annoying Hallmark card can be , the film still some how manages to grow on you and be something more than a run of the mill film . Worth a look see
1	Holes , the novel , was forced on me in an education course . I didn 't think I would like a children 's novel ; plus , the other couple of books I was forced to read for the class were really bad . But , to my surprise , I absolutely loved Holes . It really is one of the most perfectly written novels I 've ever read . I think it has the rare quality that makes it appeal to pre-teens , teenagers , and adults . Everyone who reads it , I think , will walk away a better person . While I can 't quite say that for the film , I am happy to say that they got it mostly right . I don 't think viewers of the film will walk away as enriched , but they will certainly be entertained , without the side effect of being stupider when they sat down . It is an intelligent story , and it 's very well told . I think it moves a tad too quickly . The novel takes more time in developing the characters . And the flashbacks come in and out so quickly that they don 't have too much time to register . The interracial romance in the past feels more clich and trite than it does in the novel . And the ending , which ties together all the loose threads , seems very ridiculous . It 's exactly the same in the novel , but there 's a sense of the absurd that doesn 't quite exist in the film . It works a lot better . I also don 't like the multitude of pop songs . I wish Disney didn 't feel it such a necessity to sell soundtracks . The cast is across-the-board excellent , from the young kids to the old pros . Jon Voight is especially great . Not quite sure why we need Catwoman and the Fonze , though . 9 / 10 .
0	'Chances Are ' a big mistake to see . You could know director Emile Ardolino from ' Dirty Dancing ' and ' Sister Act ' and should expect something amusing from him . But I guess I have to disillusion you . He made a really , really bad movie . According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby . The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr , and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter , Mary Stuart Masterson ( complicated , huh ? ) . They fall in love with each other . Then appears Jr former wife , Cybill Shepherd , and Jr falls in love with her too . I guess I don 't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O 'Neil . In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr 's on his worst . He copies Michael J Fox . After the ' Moonlighting ' Shepherd proves that she 's not suitable for acting in movies . Anyway , there 's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used : as antidote to insomnia .
0	`The Matrix ' was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic but also curiously thought provoking in its `Twilight Zone ' -ish manner . The general rule applies here- and this sequel doesn 't match up to its predecessor . Worse than that , it doesn 't even compare with it . `Reloaded ' explodes onto the screen in the most un-professional fashion . In the opening few seconds the first impression is a generally good one as Trinity is shot in a dream . Immediately after that , the film nose-dives . After a disastrous first 45 minutes , it gradually gains momentum when they enter the Matrix and the Agent Smith battle takes place . But it loses itself all speed when it reaches the 14-minute car chase sequence and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end . Worst of all is the overlong `Zion Rave ' scene . Not only does it have absolutely nothing to do with the plot , but it 's also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music . The bullet-time aspect of `The Matrix ' was a good addition , but in ` ' Reloaded ' they overuse to make it seem boring . In the first one there were interesting plot turns , but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting . The movie is basically , just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us from realising just how empty it really is . It works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better . It appears that `The Matrix ' franchise has quickly descended into the special effects drenched misfire that other franchises such as the `Star Wars ' saga have . The acting standard is poor for the most part . The best character of course goes to Hugo Weaving 's `Agent Smith ' - the only one to be slightly interesting . Keanu Reeves is the definitive Neo , but in all the special effects , there is little room to make much of an impact . Academy Award Nominee Laurence Fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue . Carrie Ann Moss ' part as the action chick could have been done much better by any other actress . A poor , thrown-together movie , `The Matrix Reloaded ' is a disappointment . Those who didn 't like the first one are unlikely to flock to it . This one 's for die-hard fans only . Even in the movie 's own sub-genre of special effect bonanzas ( Minority Report , The Matrix etc . ) this is still rather poor . My IMDb rating : 4.5 / 10 .
0	This is what happens when you 're living in China and the local video store is running thin on English-language titlesyou are blessed with this work of what appears to be , yes , Romanian cinema . Nevertheless , I think that it has real comedic potential . Spoilers technically follow : Though I don 't think that it would in fact spoil anyone 's viewing pleasure to ask why a film set in a casino has a scene of beach archery , even in flashback . That mystery , and many other conundrums , remain to be exploited by desperate comedians , perhaps when they 're stuck in Bucharest . Let me also wonder aloud why perfectly good-looking people allow themselves to abuse themselves on film like this . It 's sad .
1	It is noteworthy that mine is only the third review of this film , whereas `Patton- Lust for Glory ' , producer Frank McCarthy 's earlier biography of a controversial American general from the Second World War , has to date attracted nearly a hundred comments . Like a previous reviewer , I am intrigued by why one film should have received so much more attention than the other . One difference between the two films is that `Patton ' is more focused , concentrating on a relatively short period at and immediately after the end of the Second World War , whereas `MacArthur ' covers not only this war but also its subject 's role in the Korean war , as well as his period as American governor of occupied Japan during the interlude . The main difference , however , lies in the way the two leaders are played . Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton ' . Whereas Scott had another major star , Karl Malden , playing opposite him as General Bradley , none of the other actors in `MacArthur ' are household names , at least for their film work . Scott , of course , portrayed Patton as aggressive and fiery-tempered , a man who at times was at war with the rest of the human race , not just with the enemy . I suspect that in real life General MacArthur was as volcanic an individual as Patton , but that is not how he appears in this film . Peck 's MacArthur is of a more reflective , thoughtful bent , comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films . At times , he even seems to be a man of the political left . Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid-up member of CND , and his policies for reforming Japanese society during the American occupation have a semi-socialist air to them . In an attempt to show something of MacArthur 's gift for inspiring leadership , Peck makes him a fine speaker , but his speeches always seem to owe more to the studied tricks of the practised rhetorician than to any fire in the heart . It is as if Atticus Finch from `To Kill a Mockingbird ' had put on a general 's uniform . Whereas Scott attempted a `warts and all ' portrait of Patton , the criticism has been made that `MacArthur ' attempts to gloss over some of its subject 's less attractive qualities . I think that this criticism is a fair one , particularly as far as the Korean War is concerned . The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared stand up to interfering , militarily ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight the war and was sacked for his pains when victory was within his grasp . Many historians , of course , feel that Truman was forced to sack MacArthur because the latter 's conduct was becoming a risk to world peace , and had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated . Even during the Korean scenes , Peck 's MacArthur comes across as more idealistic than his real-life original probably was ; we see little of his rashness and naivety about political matters . ( Truman ' s remark `he knows as much about politics as a pig knows about Sunday ' was said about Eisenhower , but it could equally well have been applied to MacArthur 's approach to international diplomacy ) . Perhaps the film 's attempt to paint out some of MacArthur 's warts reflects the period in which it was made . The late seventies , after the twin traumas of Vietnam and Watergate , was a difficult time for America , and a public looking for reassurance might have welcomed a reassuringly heroic depiction of a military figure from the previous generation . Another criticism I would make of the film is that it falls between two stools . If it was intended to be a full biography of MacArthur , something should have been shown of his early life , which is not covered at all . ( The first we see of the general is when he is leading the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines ) . One theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur 's father , himself a military hero . I would have liked to see what sort of man Arthur MacArthur was , and just why his son considered him to be such a hero and role model . Another interesting way of making the film would have been to concentrate on Korea and on MacArthur 's clash with Truman , with equal prominence given to the two men and with actors of similar stature playing them . The way in which the film actually was made seemed to me to be less interesting than either of these alternative approaches . It would be wrong , however , to give the impression that I disliked the film altogether . Although I may not have agreed with Peck 's interpretation of the main role , there is no denying that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness . The film as a whole is a good example of a solid , workmanlike biopic , thoughtful and informative . It is a good film , but one that could have been a better one . 7 / 10 . On a pedantic note , the map which MacArthur is shown using during the Korean War shows the DMZ , the boundary between the two Korean states that did not come into existence until after the war . ( The pre-war boundary was the 38th parallel ) . Also , I think that MacArthur was referring to the `tocsin ' of war . War may be toxic , but it is difficult to listen with thirsty ear for a toxin .
1	* * * * Excellent * * * Good * * Fair * Poor `Go Ahead , make my Day ! ' The fourth picture in the series is directed by Eastwood himself ( Who was rumored of directing most of Magnum Force ) and he brings back the violent society from the first two films . However , the film still lacks impact and believability . This film was released in the early `80s , the time of Regan and the young republicans . The premise of a raped woman taking vengeance on her rapist doesn 't appeal to this time frame . This plot would have been better for the Enforcer , which actually would have made it a good movie . What Sudden Impact needed was a plot like in Wall Street but with Dirty Harry in the middle . RATING : 3 STARS
1	I watched this over the Christmas period , I don 't know why but it reminds me of Christmas so I watched it , so there we are . Arthur is a film I watch all the way through with a big dumb smile on my face and its a mixture of special performances , great jolly music and a script crackling with wit and charm that causes it . Dudley Moore makes a character that could well be hated very easily ( spoiled , rich , lazy drunk who feels sorry for himself ) but turns him into someone you love . Liza Minelli is great as Linda Morolla a queens waitress who manages to pull off the tough / soft on the inside lady Arthur nearly gives up his world for . John Gielgud gets all the juicy lines and polishes them off with relish . I can watch Arthur again and again and it always makes me feel good , check it out if you need a lift its a lovely film .
1	I just want to add my two cents worth , and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted , but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin ' genius of Damon Runyon . Without the wonderfully street , hilarious writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960 . Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man , and he was from Colorado , but he sure did _ get _ the street scene of the East Coast . If you are not a dedicated fan of old Hollywood comedies , I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon 's writings ; " the Lemondrop Kid , " and " Little Miss Marker , " both feature Bob Hope , who , aside from his politics , has always been a funny man . ( As a West Coast liberal , I find his politics fairly funny , too ! ) Damon Runyon lives ! ! ! !
1	Forget depth of meaning , leave your logic at the door , and have a great time with this maniacally funny , totally absurdist , ultra-campy live-action " cartoon " . MYSTERY MEN is a send-up of every superhero flick you 've ever seen , but its unlikely super-wannabes are so interesting , varied , and well-cast that they are memorable characters in their own right . Dark humor , downright silliness , bona fide action , and even a touching moment or two , combine to make this comic fantasy about lovable losers a true winner . The comedic talents of the actors playing the Mystery Men -- including one Mystery Woman -- are a perfect foil for Wes Studi as what can only be described as a bargain-basement Yoda , and Geoffrey Rush as one of the most off-the-wall ( and bizarrely charming ) villains ever to walk off the pages of a Dark Horse comic book and onto the big screen . Get ready to laugh , cheer , and say " huh ? " more than once ... enjoy !
1	" Scoop " is also the name of a late-Thirties Evelyn Waugh novel , and Woody Allen 's new movie , though set today , has a nostalgic charm and simplicity . It hasn 't the depth of characterization , intense performances , suspense or shocking final frisson of Allen 's penultimate effort " Match Point , " ( argued by many , including this reviewer , to be a strong return to form ) but " Scoop " does closely resemble Allen 's last outing in its focus on English aristocrats , posh London flats , murder , and detection . This time Woody leaves behind the arriviste murder mystery genre and returns to comedy , and is himself back on the screen as an amiable vaudevillian , a magician called Sid Waterman , stage moniker The Great Splendini , who counters some snobs ' probing with , " I used to be of the Hebrew persuasion , but as I got older , I converted to narcissism . " Following a revelation in the midst of Splendini 's standard dematerializing act , with Scarlett Johansson ( as Sondra Pransky ) the audience volunteer , the mismatched pair get drawn into a dead ace English journalist 's post-mortem attempt to score one last top news story . On the edge of the Styx Joe Strombel ( Ian McShane ) has just met the shade of one Lord Lyman 's son 's secretary , who says she was poisoned , and she 's told him the charming aristocratic bounder son Peter Lyman ( Hugh Jackman ) was the Tarot Card murderer , a London serial killer . Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths . With Sid 's deadpan wit and Sondra 's bumptious beauty they cut a quick swath through to the cream of the London aristocracy . Woody isn 't pawing his young heroine muse -- as in " Match Point , " Johansson again -- as in the past . This time moreover Scarlett 's not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star . She 's morphed surprisingly into a klutzy , bespectacled but still pretty coed . Sid and Sondra have no flirtation , which is a great relief . They simply team up , more or less politely , to carry out Strombel 's wishes by befriending Lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt . With only minimal protests Sid consents to appear as Sondra 's dad . Sondra , who 's captivated Peter by pretending to drown in his club pool , re-christens herself Jade Spence . Mr. Spence , i.e. , Woody , keeps breaking cover by doing card tricks , but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands at poker , spewing non-stop one-liners and all the while maintaining , apparently with success , that he 's in oil and precious metals , just as " Jade " has told him to say . That 's about all there is to it , or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome . At first Allen 's decision to make Johansson a gauche , naively plainspoken , and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all-around bad decision . But Johansson , who has pluck and panache as an actress , miraculously manages to carry it off , helped by Jackman , an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable , if he desires her . The film actually creates a sense of relationships , to make up for it limited range of characters : Sid and Sondra spar in a friendly way , and Peter and Sondra have a believable attraction even though it 's artificial and tainted ( she is , after all , going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac ) . What palls a bit is Allen 's again drooling over English wealth and class , things his Brooklyn background seems to have left him , despite all his celebrity , with a irresistible hankering for . Jackman is an impressive fellow , glamorous and dashing . His parents were English . But could this athletic musical comedy star raised in Australia ( " X-Man 's " Wolverine ) really pass as an aristocrat ? Only in the movies , perhaps ( here and in " Kate and Leopold " ) . This isn 't as strong a film as " Match Point , " but to say it 's a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong . It has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show , but Woody 's jokes are far funnier and more original than you 'll get in any such media affair , and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness . It doesn 't matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it 's diverting summer entertainment . On a hot day you don 't want a heavy meal . The whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment , without crude jokes or bombastic effects ; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson . Critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the Allen decline that preceded " Match Point . " Don 't believe them . He doesn 't try too hard . Why should he ? He may be 70 , but verbally , he 's still light on his feet . And his body moves pretty fast too .
0	First , let 's all agree that Lorenzo Lamas could never be considered a skilled actor , barely even decent , sometimes just plain lousy . However , in this piece of @ * ! ^ called SnakeEater , the film industry as a whole sank . First , let 's start with the plot . A Vietnam vet named Jack Kelly , aka Soldier ( who is supposed to be as tough as a strap of leather and then some , which you can believe when he shoves a palate of nails through 2 guys ' feet and pins them to the floor ) , gets word that his family has been killed and his sister kidnapped . Therefore he goes on a solo mission to save his sister . Had some potential , but still pretty thin to begin with . Now , the acting . Being an actor myself , I am qualified to say that this was some of the WORST acting in the history of the art ! ! ! ! ! Lamas is , well , himself . The jackasses playing the Clampets / Deliverance rejects should be strung up and shot for their so-called performances which are insulting to actors everywhere , especially talented ones who never get their big break ! Finally , the action . The gunfighting is so-so at BEST , and the fist-fighting is deplorable . I 've seen more real-looking fights at the Renaissance Festival ( and those were pretty fake-looking ) ! Readers , listen to me : AVOID THIS PIECE OF CACA AT ALL COSTS ! IF IT WERE THE ONLY FILM IN EXISTENCE , YOU STILL WOULD WANT TO AVOID IT ! For the sake of your brain-cell count , do NOT watch this thing !
0	There is no reason to see this movie . A good plot idea is handled very badly . In the middle of the movie everything changes and from there on nothing makes much sense . The reason for the killings are not made clear . The acting is awful . Nick Stahl obviously needs a better director . He was excellent in In the Bedroom , but here he is terrible . Amber Benson from Buffy , has to change her character someday . Even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappointed . Even though the movie was 80 minutes , which is too short for a good movie ( but too long for this one ) , there are no deleted scenes in the DVD which means they never bothered to fill in the missing parts to the characters . Don 't spend the time on this one .
1	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night , having no idea of the film 's cult , influence , or that it is currently being staged as a musical . ( ! ) Most of the comments here are on target , it 's moving , funny , sad , and yes , a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers . The expanded Chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out . I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared , you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too ; people just don 't talk like that anymore . I think as a documentary , it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute , Old Edie at least still seems aware of what 's going on to a certain degree ; couldn 't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating ? Yet the film 's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now , a real life Tennesse Williams one act . Well worth your time .
0	This film is horribly acted , written , directed and produced . But it 's so campy it 's actually semi-watchable . That 's SEMI watchable . The storyline ( what little there is ) makes virtually no sense whatsoever . The Barney Drum character is the only real comic relief in the movie and that gets tired after about 30 seconds . Many of the Canadian supporting cast can be found in TV commercials .. None of them went on to anything else that I 'm aware of . And of course Sly Stallone 's even less talented brother well ... = \ Trivia : It was filmed almost entirely in and around the little village of Claremont , Ont . ( about 20 miles N.east of Toronto ) I recognized many local landmarks / intersections / buildings . I think the Drive-in scene was filmed at the now demolished " Oshawa Drive-in " just before it was torn down .
0	Many King fans hate this because it departed from the book , but film is a different medium and books should change when they make the jump . That notwithstanding , the movie does fail completely , but it fails entirely on film terms . I 'd like to smack the people who tell me it 's the scariest movie ever made . I always follow up with the question " Really ... exactly what scene scared you ? " Every fan I 've asked , goes silent . Occasionally someone , at a loss for a decent scare ( There are none ... ) , names the " Grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators " shtick . If you 're afraid of that , I don 't know what to tell you , except maybe that you 're easily scared . I just rolled my eyes watching these z-grade horror ideas play out in this schlocky , incoherent movie . One place it diverts from the book and really is insipid is the tedious work the movie does to get Mr Halloran up to the Overlook only to kill him ; with the dumbest member of the audience knowing that Jack is waiting behind one of the columns in the corridor that it takes Halloran FOREVER to walk down . Really one of the stupidest sequences ever put on film . Oh , and nice choice for Mr. Halloran 's artwork Stanley ! Black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie . Has there ever been a more " off , " out-of-place shot in any movie ever made ? I consider it a miracle that I was eventually able to bypass this turd , and agree that Kubricks 2001 is a truly important film , given the immense ' bad will ' generated by both this stupid , stupid movie , and the cult of fawning but inarticulate Kubrick fan-boys , who couldn 't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the Library of Congress in front of them . Toss in the grotesque overacting of Jack Nicholson , the introduction of dumb one-liners at tense moments , and the Razzie nominated performance of Shelly Duvall and you have a very crappy movie .
0	This movie is now my gauge against which all other movies will be compared ... as in , " was it as stupid as Revolver ? " I too was in the Toronto International Film Festival audience last night where a room filled with over 2000 people walked out in an eerie silence after being absolutely dumbstruck by 2 hours of sheer nonsense . Jason Stratham would have been amazing if only he had a purpose . Within the first 10 minutes he 's given a proposition by Andre 3000 and Big Pussy ( of Soprano 's fame ) which makes NO SENSE AT ALL ! Then there 's some shooting and then there 's Ray Liotta wearing embarrassing bikini briefs , then there 's some animation , Ray Liotta 's naked butt , lots of shooting , teeth gnashing , art house wanna be pretensions and more of Liotta 's embarrassing body that elicited laughs at every showing ... which I 'm not quite sure was the reaction he was looking for ... not 5 times anyway . Everyone in this movie thinks they 're smarter than the average bear and Guy Ritchie thinks he 's Yogi Bear incarnate . The story lines might have went nowhere but the posturing was outta sight ! The only way this movie could have been worse is if Madonna herself was in it .
0	The progression of the plot is enough to " rope one in " and create curiosity about the outcome . However , ultimately , the feeling that remains is that the producers of the movie forgot to end it . If the intention was to create a perpetual circle ( occasionally done in the Twilight Zone ) , it was too sloppy to view as a positive effort .
0	WARNING SPOILERS * * * * * A really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in Italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls . One of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon . It 's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse . A waste of time for the viewers , as the fine young ladies in the movie leave their clothes on , the gore is ludicrous at best , and the acting is terrible , perfect pairing for such a bad script
0	First off , I would like to point out that while I am not an expert , the way the trial was handled will insult your intelligence . Firstly , the prosecution never proved that ' facilitated learning ' actually works . Irresponsible for both the prosecution ( because they can get an appeal ) and the defense for not acting on this . As another commenter said , facilitated learning was proved untrue . Secondly , they used Terry as the translator who has personal interest , and even will testify , in the trial which is just stupid . If the court had allowed him to testify that way , they would have brought in someone neutral otherwise they would be just asking for an appeal . Thirdly , this child was never asked specific questions about the defendant by the prosecution ( birthmarks , details of the event , etc . ) and even when asked by the defense specific questions like when it started , he could not answer . If that isn 't reasonable doubt I don 't know what is and a competent lawyer would have gotten an acquittal . Bottom line , it starts off well with the pressures of being the parent of a child with autism , but the trial makes this movie wholly unbelievable .
1	I loved this film . Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr. fan , I prefer to appreciate his " boundless enthusiasm " and acknowledge his shortcomings . His movies are fun , but his personal story is one racked with pain . I hoped , and was delighted to find , that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life , rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise . From beginning to end , this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology , leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to Ed Wood Jr . What we get are people who knew Ed Wood the best talking about him from all perspectives , positive and negative , and showing us their character as much as Ed 's . We get insight into Ed 's personal and professional life : from his romances , to his drinking , to his sexuality , to his friends , to his enemies , and even to his film making . The film itself is shot in a low-budget way that seems done out of respect for Ed , as if using the techniques of most theatrically released movies from 1996 would be disrespectful ( sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the President ) . The set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of insight when matching each cast member with their background . Fans will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding Ed Wood controversies , and new comers will be amazed that this man was real . The DVD is full of impossible to find gems ( " Crossroads of Lorado " and photo galleries ) , but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging and interconnected story . Ed Wood had a habit of defining people through their association with him ( for better or worse ) , to the point where one woman will go down in history as " Swimming Pool Owner " for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool . This ability to define a person 's legacy comes through universally , as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man that was Ed Wood Jr . , but also to give a comprehensive view of the community that he created . Somehow , without ever having more that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time , the connection that Ed Wood created amongst the various people in his life becomes clear , and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement . Even the title hints at the B-list horror genre , but by the end , we see that even this is a kindness . What begins as unrelated stories by random people ends with the conclusion that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive fabric that history will bring into haunting unity with Wood 's legend . In many ways a living contradiction , Ed Wood Jr. could not be condensed to a single viewpoint . This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get . Being itself a juxtaposition of themes , it is at once respectful , provocative , thoughtful , gripping , fun , sad , kind , and fulfilling .
1	This is a great film ! ! The first time I saw it I thought it was absorbing from start to finish and I still do now . I may not have seen the play , but even if I had it wouldn 't stop me thinking that the film is just as good .
1	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit , this comedy I found to be a terrific new comedic duo . ' Noriyuki Pat Morita ' is a very funny man , who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief , who has stolen a ' proto type ' turbo super charger , reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief , after being ordered by his commander . Pat 's character collides with ' Jay Leno 's ' character , a fast talking ' but down to business-player type Detroit cop . When they cross paths though , the honorable ' Ways ' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative ' Ways ' . The two stumble and trip over each other at first , but then develop a ' rythym ' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team , that solves the case , cold . After battling a city crime boss for the stolen ' equiptment ' and closing the case , these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together . A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all , they manage to come to a victorious closing . I rated this a 9 . Lewis 's direction makes ' this a near perfect comedy . Fun for all ages . I recommend it highly . ( * * * )
0	This movie features Charlie Spradling dancing in a strip club . Beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue . That it got as many positive votes suggests some people may be joking .
1	Although Super Mario 64 isn 't like the rest of the games in the series , it is still a classic and is every bit as good as the old games . Games with this much replay value are few and far between . Plus , this game has so much variety . There are 15 levels each with several different tasks you can do , and many other hidden tasks . The game isn 't very challenging , but its lack of challenge doesn 't take away from the game at all . Once you beat it , you 'll want to erase your game and start again . And its just as much fun the second time , or third time , or two hundredth time . A must own for any Nintendo 64 owner , and is a reason in itself to own a Nintendo 64 .
0	Young and attractive Japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again , this time it involves mobile phones . Various people die until the disgruntled spirit behind it all is unearthed , so essentially if you 've seen more than 2 recent Japanese horror films you can plot this film in the dark with your hands tied . The main attraction here is the fact that Takashi Miike is behind the camera . So far I 've been more impressed with his low key works like City of Lost Souls , however as One Missed Call plodded along I was yearning for his more renowned envelope pushing of Dead or Alive or the overly pseudo-Cronenberg style of Audition . Despite a lot of his films being essentially empty , at least they do have merits such as these , or at least something to keep your attention like Tadanobu Asano prancing about in shiny suits impersonating Johnny Depp . There 's none of that in One Missed Call ; there 's just very little of credit : the acting is bland and average , there is very little ( nothing , in all honesty ) in the way of scares or suspense , and in places it 's just downright boring . However , there are moments where Miike 's glacier-like sense of humour seeps through the bland commercialism ; most notably with the instance of the TV show intent on filming the demise of one of the cursed subjects , and the TV programmer more concerned about his ratings than the girls ' life . But aside from this there is nothing to suggest it is Miike behind the camera ; most notably his usual visual flair has vanished without a trace ( and that includes his famous gore ) , although it 's more likely he just didn 't have any enthusiasm for the project , and I can understand why . One Missed Call isn 't offensively bad . It 's just frustratingly average . Miike obviously loves directing . With his huge yearly output it 's obvious he isn 't going to be 100 % concerned about all his projects . But even with this in mind , One Missed Call felt like he was just paying the bills .
1	" Saving Grace " is never riotously funny , but it delivers quite a few good laughs and I enjoyed it to a significant degree . Brenda Blethyn is a fine actress , and does a good job at portraying widower Grace , who resorts to growing marijuana to pay off her massive debts . The supporting cast also does a fine job . French actor Tchecky Karyo has a funny little role . The premise alone is appealing . The idea of an over-the-hill woman growing and smoking pot sounds funny enough . And the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then . Of course , there are flat moments , like one where two elderly women mistaken Grace 's marijuana leaves for tea leaves and they start pulling childish antics at the store where they work . That was a mindless gag that didn 't quite take off . The film 's tone is downbeat and occasionally dull , but I got enough laughs to give this English import a recommendation . My score : 7 ( out of 10 )
0	In The Lost Son , a private eye searching for a missing man stumbles upon a child prostitution ring . This film incorporates all of the worst stereotypes you could imagine in a worst-case scenario that exists only in the minds of Hollywood , the press and AG John Asscrap . If you get a chance to see this , you 'd be better off getting lost yourself .
1	If TV was a baseball league , this show would have a perfect record ! With an excellent cast , and a perfect plot , this show gave 8 amazing seasons and a great joy to TV after dinner . With the constant changing of relationships and finding out who Hyde 's real dad is , this show was a hit when it started in August of 98 , though it was set in 1976 . And hanging out in Foremans basement was always the thing to do back then , and it still is today , along with circles.This show gave great laughs in premieres , and it still does during re-runs . If you watch a few episodes of this show , you will get everything and want to get more . Now only is this show one of the best ever created , it is clever and funny .
1	My observations : vamp outfit at end is ravishing and wonderful , exotic and fantastic . Jeanette wore it well , and got even with naive Nelson . Boat crashing into his balcony served him right . Costume outfits of his female mafia were designed surprisingly well , especially by today 's standards . 1942 costume designer did great job . Main song theme just lovely . Caution to negative posters : 1942 was time of WW II ; Pearl Harbor happened year before . U.S. just coming out of Great Depression ; needed to get out and spend that hard earned money on diversion of singing , dance and yes , fantastic fantasy . Despotic dictators were trying to rule out there in RL , snuffing out freedoms . Thank goodness the public had these fantastic plot line movies to attend . Movie going was a privileged treat , in those depressing times . When you , negative posters , become actors or even movie stars , then YOU have room to talk and criticize . Jeanette 's and Nelson 's movies stand the test of time . Angel wings wonderful , on the real angel . RL wings at costume party not so hot , but great on Jeanette considering the SL . Beautiful singing by Jeanette and Nelson , as always . Jeanette dancing was a pure delight . 15 / 10
1	I loved the movie , but like everyone said , there were some bits that weren 't developed enough . I thought personally that the girls were very vapid before they landed in prison ; sure , they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still ... I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have . For example , in the montage where they 're sight-seeing , the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking . Then , there are some parts that were very ambiguous . I think it 's pretty much understood that Danes ' character didn 't do it , but I can see how that could be confusing . Also , why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk ? I thought it was suggesting something , but it turned out to be nothing . Apart from that , the movie was great . I cried when Claire Danes took the blame ; she 's a GREAT actress . Also , I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked . Talk about lack of closure ...
0	This astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians . From a ( silly ) play by Tennessee Williams and directed ( with a dead hand ) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967 . The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief . Visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set . The shrill antics of a screeching Taylor , Burton 's half asleep wanderings , the loony dialog , Noel Coward laughing at himself , the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer . BOOM is a disgrace , a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet 's plebs . Not even fun . Just terrible and mad shocking waste .
1	The first episode immediately gave a good impression what to expect from the series ! Mysteries waiting to be solved and a lot of good drama ! I love the fact that they gradually reveal the stories concerning the characters ! Explaining just enough to stay excited ! Of course this show has some flaws ! In the first two series there are some characters who for some reason don 't show up in the third season ! Many of the characters have a decent sent off but some of them just aren 't there ! Like Rose and her husband ! Where the hell are they ? What happened to them ? Maybe they will return in later episodes ! But it is a little inconsistent ! That being said " Lost " manages to be thrilling every episode ( especially the first two seasons ) ! That is a very hard thing to do ! I do notice that in the third season the focus is more on character development than the mystery aspects of the show ! This is not a bad thing ! It even saves some episodes from getting boring ! One of the elements that can be considered the strength of this show are the wonderful characters ! You will grow to love these characters ! Good or bad ! But eventually I will want to see some mysteries to be solved and get closure ! The danger of " Lost " getting canceled due to declining ratings is near ! And that would be devastating !
0	NO SPOILERS . I love horror movies , but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever . Calling it " a movie " is also a stretch . This " random-clips-of-obviously-fake-and-tacky-violence-and-an-ugly- woman-trying-to-act-sexy-edited-poorly-together " is not worth watching . Watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family 's holiday pictures , and it has about the same quality you would expect when you send your ten year old son into the woods with your new vid-cam , and tell him to make a movie . Terrible .
1	This very peculiar setting of Wagner 's last opera definitely grew on me . When I first saw it , I was somewhat annoyed by many of the films surrealistic images , and felt that far too much was superimposed upon the story . However , if you can put up with a fair amount of rather recherch " gimmicks , " I think you will find that the film DOES manage to capture the very strange , other-worldly atmosphere of the opera , and that there are moments which are particularly fine . Personally , I never really understood the role of Kundry until I saw how Edith Clever portrayed her . Her performance ( a lip-synchronized mime of the singing voice of Yvonne Minton ) is nothing short of dazzling , from end to end , and alone justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film . Another reason to delight in this film is that it captures the spectacular interpretation of Robert Lloyd of the crucial role of Gurnemanz , one which Lloyd has performed to a crisp at opera houses throughout the world . I have been privileged to enjoy him in the role of Gurnemanz on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera several times , and the lusciousness of his voice , and the warm , fatherliness of his interpretation of this noble character really needed to be preserved , as did his performance in the character 's two major monologues , the Karfreitag scene and the recounting of the prophecy in Act 1 . The version I have seen was a videotape made for America , and so there were subtitles which , alas , could not be done away with . This is especially unfortunate because the translation used is very inaccurate and forces an extremely Christian interpretation on a film which is already forcing layers of interpretation on the opera . This seemed to me to be quite contrary both to Wagner 's clear AVOIDANCE of Christianity , and his very deliberate attempt to " generalize " the Christian elements of the story . ( See footnote with spoiler at the end of this review . ) I find it nearly impossible , when viewing a film with subtitles , to keep from absorbing them , and strongly recommend that , if in the DVD versions you have the ability to turn the subtitles off , you do so , and instead , if the opera is unfamiliar to you , that you read the libretto carefully beforehand . The bottom line is that there is much in the film which I dislike , and would just as soon have seen done differently ... but it has risen steadily in my estimation over the years since I first saw it , and I find myself drawn to enjoy it again and again . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ FOOTNOTE CONTAINING A SPOILER : A good example would be Kundry 's famous line , " I saw him ... him ... and laughed . " This gets translated , in the subtitles , for reasons which escape me , as " I saw the Savior 's face . " It is especially irritating to me , because throughout the libretto , Wagner very deliberately and carefully refers to this unseen character WHO NEED NOT BE THE BIBLICAL Jesus as " der Heiland , " i.e. , the German for " The Healer " --a reference to the wound of Amfortas , and to all wounds and maladies and the need for healing .
0	As a spiritualist and non Christian . I thought i really was going to be holding onto my faith , but what a load of i seers . I thought the film would have great arguments , but only got one sided views from Atheists and Jews ? ? ? And who are all these street people he 's interviewing who don 't know the back of their arm from their head . Where are the proper theologians and priests and stuff he could have got arguments from . Not retired nuts who wrote books and finished their studies in 1970 . Personally this DVD was a waste of time and not worth my time to check if the facts are right or wrong or if i should or should not believe because an anti-Christ told me so . Please to think he came up with the conclusion of not finding God because his own ego and demons got the better of him . No im not going to say the movie was stunning to help atheists reading this feel better about themselves . But if you really want to show the world you care about us poor souls who believe in Jesus then entice us with your worth , not your beating off the drums .
0	This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one . And I 'm Jewish . Anbody go to journalism school ? Read an editorial ? Freshman year rhetoric ? These alarmist assertions , presented in a palatable way , might prove persuasive . But by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments , nor viable ( or any at all ) solutions , few sources and each of dubious origin , makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe . And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn 't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this racist claptrap . A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it .
1	I don 't have much to add to my summary , this film ranks right up the there with Top Gun as one of the funniest films ever made while not trying to be . I for one don 't think it should be taken seriously when watched as it is very enjoyable . I don 't think it brings Christopher Walken 's reputation down either as his reputation was on the wane back then anyway . It took Pulp Fiction to wake him from the slumber he had been in . As for Michael Ironside , he has been in some of the great funny while not trying to be serious films . Total Recall , Top Gun . What I think is amazing is the budget this movie had . The scenes and actors and explosions etc. are quite amazing so obviously someone liked it quite a lot and was willing to risk a lot of money . Whoever he or she was I like them because I love this film ! If anyone reads this looking for information on McBain ( and I seriously doubt there 'll be too many ) just know that it is a hilarious movie and should be viewed with a smile on your face !
0	I rented this film about a month ago when I had nothing else to do on a Friday night . All I can say to describe this worthless film is ' TRASH ' The acting is so badly done I 've seen kids in high school do a better job The whole cast seems like they 're just reading their lines out , no feeling , no emotion , and no room to capture the viewer . On another note the special effects were insanely cheesy and the whole thing looked like it had been shot with a camera anyone can buy a radio shack . The clown himself looks nothing like the one on the video cover . Heck he doesn 't even show up in the film until near the end and all he does it hum songs and go around stalking a few characters . There is no real murder shown either so this isn 't a real slasher film either Since I 've seen it I 've questioned a few things 1 . If is ' Serial Insane Clown Killer ' Wouldn 't that be a Serial Killer who kills clowns ? 2 . If your friend goes missing why would you go out into the woods to have sex rather than look for her ? Sad really . 3 . Why is it that the only REAL acting sputtered vainly out at the end all of a sudden ? Did the cast finally decide to show effort in their jobs ? This film is as sad as they come . My advice is to avoid renting it lest you waste an hour or two of your time laughing more than screaming .
1	Kate Beckinsale is as good if not better than Gwyneth Paltrow as Emma in this movie , although I really liked Gwyneth Paltrow in the other Emma version . They 're both good in different ways . Kate Beckinsale as Emma seems more interesting , almost , though . And I liked the woman who played Harriet Smith in this movie better , too ... she was more believably sweet and sentimental . There are certain things I like better about the Gwyneth Paltrow version , though , like how the humorous side is more apparent .
0	OK , so , Chuck Norris somehow found a way to get this sequel produced . I have one question-why ? Who read this script and said , " Sound 's great ! Original ! " This movie is regurgitated crap that I wouldn 't tarnish my toilet bowel with . Of course it is another story , following in the tradition of MIA , Invasion USA , Walker , Texas Ranger , Delta Force and so on in which Chuck Norris , of course , is the one man who can same America from some bad guys . He doesn 't even need a gun most times . It 's stupid patriotic jargon that stales the mind . Big surprise that the only one who will direct these Norris film 's is Chuck 's son Eric . Eric Norris has primarily worked on all his father 's films and TV shows . Doesn 't this strike anyone as a sign that he has no directing talent ? Afterall , he 's directing the same people as before in the same stories as before ... only difference is the characters ' names . If this is supposed to make me patriotic and cheer for the USA , than our country is in much worse shape than I ever imagined . Hopefully , this will be the nail in Chuck Norris 's acting coffin .
0	Ah , Bait . How do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways . 1 . You try to be funny , but are corny and unenjoyable ; every joke is predictable and expected , and when it comes , does not inspire laughter . Instead , I want to hurl . 2 . You try to be dramatic , but are unbelievable ; the woman overacts to a terrible degree , and the " bad guy " looks like Bill Gates , and is about as scary as ... well , Bill Gates . ( Just try to imagine Bill Gates trying to intimidate somebody with a gun . Doesn 't work , does it ? A lawyer , maybe , but not a gun . Doesn 't fit . ) As for Jamie Foxx , well , just watching him try to deliver a dramatic and heartfelt dialogue is ludicrous , and makes me want to hurl . 3 . You try to be action-packed , but instead are dull and dragging too many times . And when the action heats up , the tripod for the camera must have been lost , for the scenes wobble more than those in The Blair Witch Project , and I find myself nauseated , and once again I want to hurl . 4 . You try to be a good movie , but you failed , you FAILED , YOU FAILED ! I would rather walk barefoot across the Sahara with a pack full of beef jerky and no water , no sunscreen , and only Meryl Streep for company . This hell would be lovelier than a single minute more spent watching everyone in Bait overact their way through an idiotically written story with Bill Gates for a bad guy , and let 's not even talk about the massive bomb that goes off in a car that Jamie Foxx 's character has just driven OFF A CLIFF , but somehow manages to escape ... just kill me now , or do the right thing and promise me that somehow I 'll never have to watch a movie that is this bad , ever again .
1	It 's rare , nowadays , to find a romantic comedy that isn 't incredibly disgusting in short doses throughout the entire movie ( eg . Big Fat Greek wedding ; Me , Myself & Irene ) . There were only a couple of unnecessarily demented jokes in this movie , nothing unpalatably profane . All around , it was a cute movie with likable characters . I thought the ending was a little abrupt . It feels like they should have ended it at the world series for a real bang up finish . The acting left a little to be desired , but was made up for by the pace of the story . If I 'd known it was a Farrelly brothers movie I would have assumed it to be a stomach turning piece of garbage and not watched it , but it seems that even they are capable of accidentally making an okay movie . Good for them , I hope they pull their heads out the rest of the way and start consistently making good films .
1	I have seen just about all of Miyazaki 's films , and they are all beautiful and captivating . But this one rises above the rest . This movie totally impressed me ! I fell in love with Pazu and Sheeta , and their sweet , caring friendship . They were what made the movie for me . Of course , the animation is also superb and the music captures the feelings in the film perfectly . But the characters are the shining point in this movie : they are so well developed and full of personality . Now , let me clarify : I 'm really talking about the Japanese version of the movie ( with English subs ) . While the English dub is good ( mostly ) , it simply pales in comparison to the original language version . The voices are better , the dialogue , everything . So I suggest seeing ( and hearing ) the movie the way it originally was .
1	First off I 'll be the first to admit that the scarecrow himself is quite a bit over-the-top . A toned down maybe less acrobatic scarecrow would 've made this movie much less cheesy . But overall I think it 's one of the better B-movies . Tiffany Shepis is absolutely wonderful , not to mention incredibly beautiful . Though this movie is missing the all-important nude factor , there are several other movies at which to view her . But here she gets all evil-hotness , especially towards the end as she 's walking away from the engulfed scarecrow . Also Richard Elfman does a great job as sheriff and as the drunk boyfriend . Yes it 's a low budget B-movie . But out of all of them I 've seen , this is definitely one of my very top favorites .
0	Below average movie with poor music considering a movie based on music ? ? ? Ordinary Script & Direction with full of blunders . Salman Khan was at his usual acting . Ajay 's performance deteriorating with time as his looks , especially his styles as a Rock Star were pathetic . Asin was just a showpiece only . Overall I felt like wasting my money in cinema . Salman Khan remains as immature as 10 years ago compared to Aamir Khan . There were many songs in the movie all boring except " Man Ko Ati " . The Most Important Song to impress the UK Music Sponsor was most unimpressive . " Khanabadosh " can be very easily understood by an English Music Sponsor . The other movie I saw last week was " Wake Up Sid " which was simple slow love story with good direction & acting despite average music
1	I have no idea how a Texan ( the director , Douglas McGrath ) and the American actress Gwyneth Paltrow ever pulled this off but seeing this again will remind you what all the fuss about Ms. Paltrow was in the first place ! I had long since gone off the woman and still feel she is rather dull in her Oscar-winning " Shakespeare In Love " performance but she gets all the beats right here--she is nigh on perfect as Emma Woodhouse . She may have won her Oscar for Shakespeare but she should be remembered for this . Of course , she 's surrounded by a great supporting cast including Toni Collette , Greta Scacchi , Juliette Stevenson et al ... Jeremy Northam is very appealing as the love interest , even if the script wallows a bit in his declaration of love to Paltrow ( in the process , allowing all of the tension to drain out of their relationship ) ; several years on , Ewan 's hair is a little easier to take than it was in ' 96 and , personally , I find puckish Alan Cumming a grating presence in anything nowadays . But the standout is , without a doubt , Sophie Thompson ( sister of Emma Thompson , daughter of Phyllida Law ) as Miss Bates ; what this version needs is a scene where Emma reconciles with Miss Bates , as she is the character to whose fate we are drawn . The film is worth watching ( again even ) for her performance alone . All in all , this has aged wonderfully with charm to spare and more than enough subtlety to sort out the British class system . Well worth a rental ( because its unlikely that Paltrow will ever be this good again--but we 'll always have Emma ) .
0	This movie is not that interesting , except for the first ten minutes . The pace and editing are a perfect introduction in an ensemble piece , even better than say Gosford Park . Then it inexplicably slows down , loses focus and starts resembling a traditional French movie only to regain focus in the end with the love relation between Antoine ( Depardieu ) and Ccile ( Deneuve ) . In the middle there are too many sidelines and loose ends in the story , several threads started are not ended . * * * * * * * SPOILERS AHEAD The main story is the relation between Antoine and Ccile . He has been loyal to her after his relation with her many years ago , despite her remarrying and setting up home in Morocco . As builder he now rebuilds his own life and recovers hers by taking the mask of Ccile 's marriage . Having accomplished this , he is buried after a freak accident ( literally ) and becomes a comatose . He wakes only after she has burned their old picture as indication that they 've reconciled with the past and can properly start their lives again together . * * * * * * * END OF SPOILERS It remains unclear what vision this director wants us to see us because there are so many other stories here : Illegal immigrants want to enter Europe , there are frequent radio broadcasts about the overthrow of Iraq 's former regime . Ccile 's child is bisexual and is bitten by dogs ( loyalty ) once he meets his boyfriend , whereas the girl he lives with seems to be sick ( of that ? ) . Her sister is traditional Islamic , and enters a relation with Ccile 's husband . It portrays Morocco as unnecessary backward , despite all the building there is a strange colonial vision shining through that almost glorifies the past . It portrays Islam as backward and prone to extremism , which may sometimes be true , but certainly not in general . In the end it can all best be described as adding some couleur locale and l 'art pour l 'art . Deneuve and Depardieu are great . With this material they are so familiar they are able to spin something extra in every scene : lifting an eyebrow , body language , radiating pride , awkward behavior . The movie itself is disappointing and only confirming the limited role of French cinema in the world nowadays . With some notable exceptions of course .
0	PROS : Akshay Kumar 's performance ( is it just me or does this guy always manages to trump AB in their movies together ? ) . Some touching scenes in the 2nd half . CONS : The whole 1st hour ( the jokes were flat to say the least ) . Every scene involving Rajpal Yadav . Major stupidity in AB 's decision making . Let me get this straight , he believes brutally insulting his son 's soul in every possible way ( that will likely ruin their relationship beyond repair ) is a better way for him to make Akshay finally take some responsibility then actually telling him the truth ? ? WTF ? He considers Akshaye is too soft to bear the fact that his OLD father is soon gonna die due to cancer , but thinks insulting him will make him stronger ? Am I the only one who doesn 't see the logic here ? Easily the movie 's biggest flaw . - Akshay becoming a stunt man . LMAO ! ! We 're told he finished 1st in college every year and has a degree in MBA . But when the time arrives to support himself , and his pregnant wife , he becomes a stunt man . LOL ! ! How abt actually applying for a normal job in ur field ? Or Heck , anywhere else where ur life isn 't in danger ? This is some incredibly dumb writing . - The ending . I hate this sort of melodramatic crap . Everything is pushed down our throats to feel sorry for AB 's character , which I couldn 't . The entire thing reminded me a little too much of Srk in KHNH ( which I hate ) . This " please feel sorry for the guy with the illness " crap has run its course . I felt more like puking than sympathy for the OLD man . Couldn 't watch the final 20 or so minutes because of it and thus had to fast fwd. the whole thing . Bottomline : Waqt is just too dumb to be called a good movie . Its obvious director Vipul Shah targeted this at the emotionally fragile chicas and oldies who could care less about a story that actually makes sense . Give ' em some decent song picturizations , fancy outfits , plenty of glycerin-filled scenes and some star power and they 'll happily lap-up crap like this .
0	Its plain to see why the makers of Scary Movie found it so easy to spoof these ' teen slasher ' movies . They are so unbelievably formulaic . And if Valentine had been released a year or so earlier , I 'm sure they would have been spoofing this film too - that 's if they found any actual original material to distinguish it from the Screams , I know what you did last summers , and Urban Legends . Valentine offers nothing new to this genre , except a better than usual ending which , of course , leaves lots of room for the inevitable sequel . As always , a masked psychotic killer stalks a bunch of beautiful young women , killing the main character 's friends , one by one , in typically over the top style . Lots of T & A on display , no character development , bad acting , and overly elaborate bloodshed . The thing I can 't stand about these kind of movies is that they pass themselves off as ' who done its ? ' . The thing is that they aren 't because the motive is only revealed once the killer has unmasked , and tells the main character who 's friends have now all been murdered . Usually something that was never made at all clear during the film anyway ( eg. main character 's mother 's uncle 's fishing partner kicked his friend 's father 's dog ) . Everybody still left alive throughout the film is a ' suspect ' , but they are more ' Red Herrings ' than suspects . As we all know at this point the main character manages an implausible escape and kills the unmasked psycho killer after the motive is revealed . Valentine followed this formula almost to the letter . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * SPOILER ! ! ! ! ! ! ( mini spoiler anyway ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * In Valentine the motive was not revealed , but more , left for you to think about given that the film didn 't quite conclude in the typical ' teen slash ' way . The issue is only part resolved , and the goal of the lead killer may or may not have been fulfilled by surviving the bloodshed and killing almost everybody . Will the killer want more , or were the demons truly vanquished ? This still didn 't make Valentine a good film , instead it simply saved it from being as bad as usual , which still doesn 't count for much . To anybody thinking of making another film along these lines , please don 't . Originality is so important , and its hard to see any originality coming out of this genre .
1	In reflecting on this movie I can think of two others to help put it in perspective . One relatively forgettable but covering the same geography , is Coup de Torchon , the other thousands of miles away and much larger in scope is the unforgettable Indochine . Claire Denis has produced a movie that has some of the grand underpinnings of Indochine , the complex and unspoken relationship between France and her colonial subjects . I was struck with the dignity of Potee , with his struggle to maintain his dignity among his peers and with his white bosses . I was also struck with the love / hate relationship between him and Aimee . It is the latter that gives the film its driving force , it is the latter that links this movie to Indochine . One never is sure what motivates everyone , though some of the characters are required of a remembrance of colonialism . It is this cynical side of the story that ties it to Coup de Torchon . Theirs is the more scandalous story , perhaps even more interesting in a depraved way , but Denis gives us a remembrance of how it was with all the tension and unresolved relationships . The American black who gives the grown up France a ride in the beginning and end of the movie offers yet another interesting side to the confusion that we in the Western world have when we look at Africa . He says that when he came he wanted to call everyone brother . He was coming home , but they just thought him to be a little daft . France , the character and the girl , grew up in Cameroon , but neither fully understands what it is even though they can remember how it was .
1	This is your standard musical comedy from the ' 30 's , with a big plus that it features some well known ' 30 's actors in small fun cameo 's . There is not much to the story and basically the movie is all about its fun and ' no-worries ' overall kind of atmosphere , with a typical Hal Roach comedy touch to it . Appereantly it 's a ' Cinderella story ' but I most certainly didn 't thought of it that way while watching the movie . The story gets very muddled in into the storytelling , that features many different characters and also many small cameo appearance , when the main characters hit the Hollywood studios . Of course the highlight of the movie is when Laurel & Hardy make their appearance and show some of their routines . It 's like watching a movie and getting a Laurel & Hardy short with it for free . Also Laurel & Hardy regular Walter Long makes an appearance in the routine and James Finlayson ( without a mustache this time ) as the director of the short . It 's certainly true that all of the cameo 's and subplots distract from the main plot line and character but in this case that is no problem , since its all way more fun and interesting to watch than the main plot line and the shallow typical main character . The movie is most certainly not any worse than any of its other genre movies from the same time period , though the rating on here would suggest otherwise . 7 / 10
0	Rather then long dance sequences and close ups of the characters which made the film drag on - the movie would have been better served explaining the story and motivations of the characters . The marginalisation of Nubo , the minister , auntie , mother - and the dumbing down of the dynamic and IMPORTANT rivalry between hatsumo and mameha and hatsumo and sayuri made the movie lack any real depth . If you hadn 't read the book you would not really understand why Sayuri loved the Chairman and why Mameha became her mentor at all . Visually the film was stunning - and the actors all did the best with the C rate script they were given , but that was all that was good about this movie .
1	Simply put , this is the best movie to come out of Michigan since ... well , ever ! Evil Dead eat your heart out , Hatred of A Minute was some of the oddest , and best cinema to be seen by this reviewer in a long time . I recommend this movie to anyone who is in need of a head trip , or a good case of the willies !
